Adsy.com.ua — международная продуктовая компания, мы делаем крутые маркетинговые англоязычные инструменты для владельцев бизнеса, маркетологов, вебмастеров и SEO специалистов в США, Великобритании, Канаде и Европе, сейчас ищем QA automation engineer.Мы умеем работать, делая это профессионально, совершенствуя себя и команду. И также хорошо умеем отдыхать: веселые корпоративы, интересные поездки, отдых по пятницам — это все о нас.21 преимущество работы в компании и другие условия работы- adsy.com.ua/21-advantages-adsyНаши ожидания от кандидата: Не менее 1 года практического опыта в тестировании ПО, в автоматизированном тестировании. Разработка тестов (т.е. писать/уметь/понимать) автоматизированное тестирование. Фреймворк который был использован для написания тестов значения не имеет.PHP CodeCeption, WebDriver, JUnit, TestNG. Базовые знания и разработка на любом фреймворкеПонимание: Что такое адаптивная верстка Чем отличается JavaScript от Jquery Что такое FireBug Что такое консоль браузера Как посмотреть перечень и время выполнения HTTP запросов при загрузке страницы Базовые конструкции в языках программирования (переменная, условный оператор, функция, цикл, метод, класс) Понимание и готовность к тому, что внутренний заказчик не всегда может быть прав, умение предлагать / отстаивать позицию и приходить к единому мнению. Коммуницировать, умение доносить свою мысль до Developer, PM, задавать вопросы, и брать ответственность за результаты своей работы на себя Быть перфекционистом, в хорошем и здоровом смысле, уметь отстаивать свою точку зрения, аргументировать, уметь показать свое видение решения Высокая самомотивированность, стремление к обучению, ответственностьНе менее 1 года практического опыта в тестировании ПО, в автоматизированном тестировании. Понимание и готовность к тому, что внутренний заказчик не всегда может быть прав, умение предлагать / отстаивать позицию и приходить к единому мнению. Коммуницировать, умение доносить свою мысль до Developer, PM, задавать вопросы, и брать ответственность за результаты своей работы на себя Быть перфекционистом, в хорошем и здоровом смысле, уметь отстаивать свою точку зрения, аргументировать, уметь показать свое видение решения21 преимущество работы в компании и другие условия работы- adsy.com.ua/21-advantages-adsyНаши преимущества: Конкурентная заработная плата Возможности для личностного, профессионального и карьерного роста Постоянное обучение, развитие сотудников Лояльное руководство Корпоративы и праздники Чай, кофе, фрукты, сладости, все для комфортной работыУсловия работы: Своевременная, высокая и конкурентная заработная плата Постоянное обучение, развитие и карьерный рост Кофе, чай, сладости, фрукты для комфортной работы Гибкий график работы, пн-пт, офис работает с 8.00. до 19.00. Оплачиваемый отпуск (24 календарных дня) и больничные Удобно расположенный офис (Подол, м. Контрактовая Площадь)Работа в SCRUM команде с 5 разработчиками и 1 бизнес аналитиком Тестирование тасков на уровне White/Black/Grey (вам нужно будет смотреть в базу, смотреть в логику приложения, и смотреть во фронт и верстку) Составление тест планов / кейсов / чеклистов / баг-репотров и живое общение в процессе работы Умение смотреть вглубь проблемы / находить потенциальные источники возникновения багов и оперативно реагировать. БЕЗ поверхностного подхода
— 4+ years of manual testing experience; — Knowledge of desktop and web testing; — Experience with ~SQL databases (queries); — Experience with REST API testing; — An ability to create and support tests documentation, execute test runs; — Strong analytical and communication skills; — Good problem-solving abilities and strong passion to learn new things; — Upper-intermediate+ level of English.— Experience in mentoring newcomers; — Knowledge of continuous integration and test automation frameworks; — Experience in working with Payment systems and Payment methods; — Experience in writing automation scripts to wished requirements.— Fully paid sick leaves and 20 working days paid vacation; — Great opportunity to take part in unique Ukrainian Sportsbook product development; — The team of passionate professionals with experience exchange; — Paid training sessions, conferences, professional library, career and proficiency development plans; — Team building events; — Paid sports activities/medical insurance; — Sandwiches, juices, cookies, fruits.— Analyze and document features of the product and business requirements; — Write and maintain test cases and test scenarios; — Execute exploratory, functional, acceptance, regression testing; — Communicate with other departments and team members on a daily basis; — Participate in meetings, make demo and knowledge sharing sessions; — Estimate current activities and report results to the team; — Be an active member of the team, suggesting improvements of the processes to increase quality of the product and performance of the team.
B.sc in computer science or equivalent — Must; At least 2 years of experience as a Test Automation Engineer — Must; Proven experience with C# programming language — Must; Proven experience with Selenium Web driver — Must; Superior analytical and problem-solving skills — Must; Strong understanding of web and web-related technologies and Client/Server applications — Must; Experience with Microsoft Coded UI — an Advantage; Good understanding of the entire software development lifecycle; Solid development habits and practices; Hard-working, responsible, meticulous, details oriented, shows initiative, excellent learning, communication and interpersonal skills; Good English.High-level compensation and regular performance based salary and career development reviews; Medical insurance (health), employee assistance program; Paid vacation, holidays and sick leaves; Gym 24/7, personal fitness instructor; Massage in the office, personal wellness consultant; English classes with native speakers and partially or fully reimbursed personal trainings and conferences; Referral program; Team building and a lot of fun to take a break, relax, and give you the freedom to think beyond the next line of code.Define and implement the automation procedures, processes and scripts that will be used to validate requirements against developed software.
Bachelor´s or Master´s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field Solid experience in Quality Assurance on web based software projects Hands on experience in continuous integration and testing tools (e.g. Selenium, Jenkins, TestNG, Cucumber) Strong analytical skills and priority management Ability to interface with both technical and non-technical staff and communicate fluently in EnglishTechnical excellence — You will join a high profile and fun engineering team surrounded by technology Innovative culture — You will work on previously unsolved challenges and experiment with new technologies Real impact — Your work will enable our business success and disrupt the car industry Competitive salaryEnsure the quality of the company’s product including security, reliability and performance Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans for our entire system Develop Automated tests Combine different testing methods and approaches to ensure best testing coverage Act pro-actively communicating implications of defects found Be a driver for upholding quality standards and proper qa processes.Sounds interesting? Upload your CV with a note of your salary expectations. Stanislava Zapototska is looking forward to your application.
We are looking for Senior Automation QA engineer who will play a key senior role on our new QA team, architecting and implementing the UI and API java-based testing frameworks. As well as QA processes continuous improvement, QA analysis, and manual QA tasks. Even for the SDET-grade roles, we are avoiding automation-only-engineers because we need a good and clear understanding of business aims as well as neat and well-documented codebase.• At least 4 years of work experience in software quality assurance • Automation frameworks development using Cucumber, Java|Groovy, Maven|Gradle, TestNG • Deep understanding of CI/CD practices and tools • Good knowledge of Core Java • Experience in Integration and E2E testing • Root cause analysis • Code coverage analysis • Knowledge of SQL • Linux operational proficiencyBossless organization structure, informal and open culture, we have no guys who parasitize on a food chain of accountability, flexible processes. Please find more about us at agilites.com/careers.html
We are looking for Automation QA engineer who will be a second-in-command in our new QA team, implementing the UI and API java-based testing frameworks. As well as QA analysis and manual QA tasks. We are avoiding automation-only-engineers because we need a good and clear understanding of business aims as well as neat and well-documented codebase.• At least 2 years of work experience in software quality assurance • Automation frameworks development using Cucumber, Java|Groovy, Maven|Gradle, TestNG • Some experience in CI/CD practices and tools • Good knowledge of Core Java • Experience in Integration and E2E testing • Knowledge of SQL • Linux operational proficiencyBossless organization structure, informal and open culture, we have no guys who parasitize on a food chain of accountability, flexible processes. Please find more about us at agilites.com/careers.html
Strong experience in black-box functional testing Knowledge and experience in API testing (preferable Rest-Assured) Understanding and experience in Load/Performance testing. (Gatling, Jmeter) Experience in Test Rail or similar test management tool Understanding of Agile testing processes Knowledge of Jira Understanding of Web/Server technology Ability to work independently as well as in a collaboration with a team Strong communication skills Good spoken and written EnglishKnowledge of Dita format or other XML technologies.• Competitive salary • Bonus system based on appraisal results • 100% compliance with Labor Law and even more (100% covered sick leaves, 24 WORKING days of vacation) • Medical insurance (A and A+ class clinics) • English lessons • Comfortable office location (near Petrivka Metro station) • Free parking • Comfortable working environment (hi-end workstations, recreation area) • Daily fruits and snacksBe a part of Agile team. Assure quality of complex enterprise-scale solution. Perform different QA tasks such as functional and non-functional testing. Automation of daily tasks. Participation in design/implementation/test meetings .
We’re looking for QA Engineer to the large complex web application.Requirements:Knowledge of:— Writing test plans and testing documentation; — Advanced knowledge of testing approaches, techniques, and methodologies; — Strong knowledge of concepts, activities, and deliverables in software testing; — Databases and SQL; — Web development technologies; — Version control systems (Git); — Scrum principles.Experience in: — Manual testing of large complex web applications; — Experience with agile development process; — Performance/Load testing; — Experience in requirements analysis and test coverage; — Experience working in Unix/Linux; — Using issue tracking system (JIRA).Nice to have: — Understanding of API testing; — Experience in white box testing; — Experience with e-commerce projects/CMS projects; — Using test management system (TestLink); — Experience in CI systems setup and configuration.Personal: — Open-minded; — Responsible; — Good communication skills; — Good sense of humor; — English: Intermediate+.
2+ years of testing experience as part of a software QA team. Advanced knowledge and practical experience of test design techniques implementation (boundary value analysis, equivalence partitioning, state transition etc.). Practical experience in developing test documentation. Deep understating of SDLC and STLC. Understanding of web technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, client-server interaction, web standards). Understanding of mobile technologies, experience in native mobile testing (Android OS, iOS). Knowledge of test management and bug tracking tools and processes. Experience working with cross-functional teams and interacting with product development, marketing and support roles to deliver quality product on schedule. Comfortable in an unstructured, fast-paced environment. Ability to read technical and requirements documentation in English.Experience in API testing. Knowledge of automated testing. Experience in testing financial solutions. Familiarity with MacOS environment as your future working environment.We offer a competitive and rewarding salary, as well as an intellectually and creatively stimulating work environment located in the very heart of Kyiv.Create and execute test cases. Report and verify bugs to guarantee the quality of the developed solutions. Keep all project QA-related documents/files up-to-date. Actively participate in daily project team meetings and brainstorming activities related to the project.
— 2+ лет опыта тестирования веб проектов — Понимание прицнипов работы Web — Понимание основных принципов тестирования, умение построить процесс — Умение создавать детальные чек листы— большим плюсом будет опыт работы с логистикой и eCommerce и понимание их бизнес процессов— продуктовая компания — хорошее покрытие кода тестами, есть настроенная CI — сильная команда — минимум бюрократии — всем сотрудникам выделяются опционы — есть стол для работы стоя — 5 сортов кофе, шоколад, печенье — всегда есть! — компенсация до $100/месяц на расходы типа курсы/фитнес/конференции и т.п. — уютный офис в на подоле, в 300 метрах от метро (ул. Сковороды).
* One year experience in manual Software Testing * Brilliant understanding of the Software Testing and Software Quality Assurance fields of knowledge * Strong understanding of SDLC * Strong understanding of a test design methodology (integration, E2E, acceptance) * Basic knowledge of SQL * Basic knowledge of SOAP and XML * Bachelors or Masters Degree in Information Technology, Computer Engineering, Computer Information Systems or relevant field.* Experience with Linux console * ISTQB certificate * Intermediate level of EnglishBossless organization structure, informal and open culture, we have no guys who parasitize on a food chain of accountability, flexible processes. Please find more about us at agilites.com/careers.html
— Test automation experience (Ranorex is preferred); — Windows 8.1 or above advanced usage; — Intermediate or above English (primarily written); — Basic .NET/C# understanding.— Continuous Integration (VSTS); — Git (GitHub); — Agile methodologies.— Sophisticated tasks in socially significant areas; — No bureaucracy; — Flexibility in working hours ; — Accounting as a service; — Friendly, professional team; — Competitive salary based on the interview results; — Comfortable environment (coffee, sweets, snacks, fruits, boardgames, Xbox, table football and tennis).— Create and manage automated test scripts for Windows Desktop (WPF) applications; — Improve and update test coverage in complex CI (continuous integration) flow; — Communicate with the team, take initiative, provide early feedback on the product quality; — Be very precise and detail-oriented.
— Minimum of 5+ years’ experience in Test Automation and Performance Testing — Proficient programming experience in JavaScript, Java or C++ — B.S. in Computer Science or related discipline (or equivalent experience) — Fast learner with good problem solving and analytical skills — Have excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skillsExperience in Selenium and NightwatchJoin the Family We offer a fun workplace atmosphere where our employees collaborate and story-tell to create outcome that goes far beyond ink and paper and into real life experiences that change the way people do everyday things. Work at Zoola is never routine, our employees are exposed to the diversity of tasks and challenges which help them fulfill their potential.Opportunities to Grow Working for Zoola you will enjoy excellent career opportunities and a very stimulating working environment. Zoola employees also have a possibility to work abroad at our customers’ premises.— Hands on coding experience is a must, you should be able to suggest and on-board new tools as needed — Work closely with development teams to support back-end and API testing — Automate User interface test cases using Selenium and Nightwatch — Think strategically to improve testing processes and help define best practices while providing high quality and scalable solutions — Maintain and enhance automation frameworks that can be used by both Development and QA. — Designing and implementing end-to-end test scenarios
Опыт QA сайтов от 2 лет Знания fe — css, html Таск-трекер Диаграмма Ганта Вашей работы
— 2+ years of experience as a QA Engineer; — Intermediate written English; — Hands-on experience in testing WEB and Mobile applications; — Ability to write QA documentation — test cases, check lists, test plans; — Experience in cross-browser/cross-platform testing; — Be able to work simultaneously on multiple project priorities is critical; — Experience with any kind of defect tracking systems (preferably Redmine); — Detail-oriented and self-motivated; — Excellent written and verbal communication skills— Challenging projects, lots of opportunities for professional development; — Competitive compensation; — Work in a professional and friendly team; — Convenient office near “Klovska” station; — Free English classes in the office; — Working schedule — 10-19 or 11-20.Conduct functional and non-function testing of Web and Mobile application, including both GUI and back-end tests; Report and escalate issues in a timely manner. Work with the team to resolve them; Work closely with project teams to make sure each release meets high-quality standards.
— Technical education in Information Technology — Strong understanding of Internet technologies and general principles of software development — Good knowledge of SQL — Experience with relational databases — Attentiveness, responsibility, and proactivity — Experience in testing of desktop applications— Technical English — Knowledge of UI and usability principles — Experience with long-term projects— New modern office in the downtown — Working on interesting projects with the use of the cutting-edge technologies — High compensation — Flexible work schedule — Paid annual leave and sick leave — English courses in the office — Corporate activities— Manual testing of company products — Experience with bug tracking system — Development of tests — Collaboration with customer support engineers — Collaboration with software developers
Requirements: — 1+ QA manual — understanding of a life cycle of a web product creation and the place of testing in it; — ability to work with requirements and without them; — Intermediate and higher level of English; — Experience in writing test plans, checklists and test cases;Personal qualities: — responsibility; — curiosity; — perfectionism; — team player.The company offers: Spacious office in the city center; Opportunities for professional growth; Comfortable conditions for work; Friendly team of the best professionals; Participation in profile conferences — 50% of the cost; English language courses — 50% of the cost; Pool & gym membership — 50% of the cost; Medical insurance, doctor’s services, social package (paid leave / sick leave); Availability of kitchen and lounge area, friendly atmosphere, interesting motivational programs, joint celebrations and outdoor activities, cozy conditions for each new employee. We have cookies and coffee — come to us with a positive mood and a desire to be part of our team.Your tasks: • Design and execute test plan and test cases to test each software component to meet the requirements • Setup test conditions prior to perform testing • Log defects in Jira defect tracking system and follow entered defects through lifecycle of creation to resolution • Work closely with development team to clarify and resolve testing issues • Find clear reproduction steps for issues reported by customers • Analyse\create user stories • Perform tasks under minimum supervision
4+ years of overall professional experience Software Engineering; Experience with continuous integration systems (i.e. Jenkins); Familiarity with testing methodologies and techniques; Understanding of Agile methodologies and engineering practices; Passionate about software quality; Upper-intermediate level of English, well-developed communication skills; Basic knowledge of Python/C++ will be a plus.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan); Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place); Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients; Flexible work schedule; 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both; Annual vitaminization program for employees; Relocation assistance; English and German courses; Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract; Corporate leisure activities.Test documentation creating, updating and maintenance (instructions, user guides, test reports, etc); Assistance in creation test strategy, test plan, release test documentation; Analyzing and estimation testing efforts for change requests new features; Regression tests strategy selection, checking and reviewing of test cases; Timely delivering of different testing milestones; Tracking and preparing of reports of testing activities; Tracking test cases traceability to requirements; Providing status updates on testing activities as required; Creating test cases based on Customer requirements.
Не менше 2 років досвіду роботи QA спеціалістом (web-applications) Знання процесу розробки та проектування програмного забезпечення Навички написання технічної документації Вільна розмовна та письмова українська, англійська та російська мови Досвід роботи в державному або банківському секторах буде перевагою Вміння працювати з автоматичними тестами (Python, Robot Framework, Selenium, Jenkins) буде перевагою Вміння працювати у команді, комунікативність Орієнтація на вирішення проблем та вміння планувати і пріоритизувати Високий рівень мотивації та проактивна громадянська позиція Наявність власного ноутбукуДосвід роботи в державному або банківському секторах Вміння працювати з автоматичними тестами (python, robot framework, selenium, jenkins)Офіс в центрі міста, участь у справжній працюючій реформі, кава, настільний теніс, молодий, професійний колектив.Координація тестування майданчиків підключених до Електронної торгової системи (ЕТС) ProZorro.Продажі Розробка тест-кейсів Проведення ручного тестування майданчиків підключених до ЕТС ProZorro.Продажі Підготовка технічної документації Своєчасне реагування та документація інцидентів Консультування майданчиків з питань використання системи ProZorro.Продажі
Successful candidates should correspond to the following required competencies• Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, equivalent educational or professional experience and/or qualifications • Strong knowledge of testing principles, concepts and techniques • 2+ years testing experience • 1+ years of professional experience in QA Automation • 1 + years experience building test automation frameworks • Knowledge using Selenium WebDriver as a frontend Test Automation Frameworks to test responsive web applications • Experience with REST API Automation, UI automation • At least some programming skills in C# • Experience with reporting automation results and defect metrics • Experience with continuous integration processes and tools • Experience of working with version control systems • Understanding of Continuous Integration and Deployment pipelines • Ability to provide results without any supervision • Ability to effectively conduct technical discussions directly with Project managementFollowing qualifications will be an advantage •ISTQB CTFL certification •Experience with TestRail •Expertise in performance testingWe propose: — an office in a quite place 10 min from Tarasa Shenchenko subway station — an interesting and widely used service — millions of users daily — a chance to make a new serious project from a scratch — using best approaches and cutting edge technologies — English courses, sports and teambuildings — a friendly team of dedicated software development professionalsResponsibilities for this position will include (but are not limited to)• Write, monitor, and enhance new and existing automation script • Ability to enhance existing automation framework for robust executions • Automate new features and include them in regression suites • Identify and create reusable test data, methods, and frameworks • Managing defects by investigating, reporting and tracking to resolution • Proactively identify and share new automation tools/processes/approaches to create, maintain and improve the Software Testing Lifecycle.
— профессиональный опыт в коммерческой разработке не 2 лет; — умение эффективно взаимодействовать с разработчиками (настойчивость, стрессоустойчивость, дипломатичность); — опыт использования средств виртуализации; — хорошее знание теории тестирования; — знакомство с методологиями тестирования; — опыт использования тасктрекеров и/или багтрекеров.— опыт использования систем автоматизации тестирования; — опыт тестирования Web приложений; — опыт обучения Junior QA (менторинг); — опыт управления требованиями ПО (BA, SA); — опыт применения инструментов диагностики (оснастки Windows, Sysinternals, Wireshark, и др.); — знания сетевых протоколов прикладного уровня; — знания внутреннего устройства операционных систем (преимущественно Windows).— постоянную работу в успешной продуктовой компании; — зарплату, привязанную к курсу валюты; — официальное трудоустройство, оплачиваемый отпуск и больничные; — современный офис в центре города, комфортные условия труда и новейшую технику; — интересные, длинные, нетривиальные проекты.— всестороннее участие в полном цикле тестирования ПО; — разработка и сопровождение тестовой документации (кейсы, чеклисты, планы, стратегии); — автоматизация тестирования (при наличии знаний).Full-time only!
Your technical skills: — 1+ years of experience as QA Engineer; — Scrum software development methodology; — Review requirements documents; — Test cases; — Test Planning; — Functional/Black-box/Regression/Usability/Compatibility testing; — Understanding of Bugtracking workflow. From creation to verification. — Experience in Android/iOS systems; — API testing, JSON schema validating — Understanding of client-server architecture (RESTful + WebSockets)Additional skills: — Experience with linux console — Git — Bug tracking systems: YouTrack, Jira etc.We offer: — Amazing start-up atmosphere; — Comfortable office in Arcadia; — Fixed competitive salary (depends on the level of a candidate`s professional skills); — Professional and personal growth; — Working on an interesting and challenging project; — Corporate team buildings and social events.
* Strong experience in manual testing * Solid technical background * Strong understanding and knowledge of web development process * Experience with writing test plans, checklists and test cases * Experience with writing test documentation * Experience with testing client-server applications (HTTP, REST, WebSockets) * Experience with bug tracking systems (Jira) and version control systems (Git)* Experience with mobile testing (iOS, Android) * Experience with test automation (Selenium, Headless Chrome with Puppeteer, PhantomJS etc.)Reasonably high salary; Strict working schedule (Monday to Friday 09:00–18:00), cozy office in the city center with no overtimes; Paid vacation and sickdays; Professional growth and knowledge progress; Exciting projects from customers worldwide; Other big and small perks :)
Описание вакансииНам нужен человек, который всегда стремится к улучшению качества продукта, умеет смотреть на продукт со стороны, понимает суть бизнес-процессов, имеет ярко-выраженное аналитическое мышление и умеет работать в команде с разработчиками, менеджерами, дизайнерами.Требования:Высшее образование Знание теоретической базы по тестированию Опыт планирования и проведения работ по тестированию Достаточный уровень английского или немецкого языка для чтения технической документации Умение работать в команде Самоорганизация— умение управлять своим временемБазовые знания в программировании Опыт работы с системами автоматизированного тестирования Опыт написание технической документациидостойную заработную плату по результатам собеседования 5-тидневную рабочую неделю, полный рабочий день оплачиваемый больничный и отпуск комфортные условия работы — офис в Житомире тренингиАнализ бизнес-процессов Сотрудничество с командой разработчиков Тестирование веб-приложений Создание тестовой документации Подготовка отчетов
Опыт тестирования от 2 лет (web и mobile); Опыт QA Automation от 1 года; Опыт написания автотестов на C#; Опыт использования Selenium WebDriver; Опыт использования API Automation; Опыт построения СI/CD; Опыт работы с системами контроля версий; Опыт гибкого тестирования программного обеспечения; Опыт работы с результатами автоматизации отчетности.Создание и развитие популярного сервиса с большой аудиторией при поддержке сильной и дружной команды; Широкие возможности не только разрабатывать, но и равноценно вносить предложения и участвовать в обсуждениях, вносить инициативы, работать над интересными разноплановыми задачами при поддержке сильной команды, уровнем middle и выше.И, конечно, мы обеспечим: Атмосферу, в которой доверие, взаимопомощь и позитив стоят на первом месте; Обучение и участие в конференциях; Корпоративное курсы английского языка в офисе компании; Спортивные секции (йога, футбол, бокс); Гибкий график, 7 часовой рабочий день, отсутствие дресс-кода; Яркие корпоративные мероприятия, team building и другое; Уютный и комфортный офис в 7 минутах ходьбы от м. ПочайнаАнализ требований user stories; Написание тест-кейсов; Запись, мониторинг и расширение существующего сценария автоматизации; Автоматизация новых функций и включение их в набор регрессии; Покрытие функциональными тестами согласно стратегии с использованием Selenium Webdriver; Настройка инфраструктуры процессов для CI/CD в рамках автотестов; Участие в обсуждениях команды QA, внесение предложений и улучшений в процессы команды.
Love technology? Expert at what you do? Want to be part of the next big thing in hosting?OnApp develops software that enables hosting providers to deploy and manage cloud hosting services more quickly and easily than ever before.Our team is young, hard working and motivated-working together to provide the best quality service we can. Our company is growing fast and we need to grow our team to meet the demand. We search for QA (Manual + Automation) Engineer with strong knowledge and working experience in:Knowledge of: • Python automation • Linux (RedHat based) command line+ default linux services (syslog, cron, ssh, nfs, etc) • Apache/Nginx web servers • DNS • SSL certificates • Knowledge of RDB, MySQL in particular. • HTTP, HTTPS protocols • Understanding of web based application technology and architecture • Intermediate and higher level of English (reading and writing skills)• Knowledge of Ruby programming languages/bash scripting and experience with Rspec is a big plus • Networking knowledge • VMware VCenter/vCloudThe opportunity to work in stable IT company with 8 years of successful experience. Competitive salary Flexible work schedule Welcoming atmosphere (awesome team of professionals always ready to help on the way) 20 working days paid vacation Paid sick leave Health insurance, massage in the office twice a week Free English classes Free, daily lunches (choose from at least 5 different meals a day) Drinks and fruits Beer Fridays (sometimes with a barbecue — and yes, we have one) Comfortable office (individual working place with up-to-date computers and 2 monitors, own patio, game room, car and bike parking, security, 24/7/365 inside-out availability, and much more) Corporate leisure activities Always loaded with tons of interesting tasks where you can challenge and bring yourself and a company to a whole new level.Testing. Automation testing. Making sure there are no major bugs in the product. Enjoying life and work.
We are looking for an experienced test automation engineer, who has — • Experience in performing end to end testing using Protractor, Jasmine • C# knowledge • Experience of working with SCRUM methodology• Competitive salary & bonus system • Medical insurance • SoftServe discount program • Social package • Truly flexible working schedule
Candidate should have great communication skills and experience to bridge the requirements gaps between the Client and the Team. Key skills are: client communication, ownership of test process and deliverables, domain knowledge and team support.Automation experience. ERP and/or warehousing experience.Сandidate is expected to plan and execute QA process within the team as well as plan test activities assuming available resources and workload. The candidate needs to grasp and refine requirements quickly, define test scope including test automation and bring deliverables quality bar to high sustainable level.
— 3+ years commercial experience as a AQA Engineer; — Good knowledge of Javascript, ES6; — Test Frameworks: Protractor, Cucumberjs; — Understanding of RESTfull architecture; — VCS: Git; — CI: Jenkins, GoCD; — Experience in BDD; — Upper-Intermediate English level;— Experience with browserstack; — Implementing pattern in automation framework; — DevOps: Docker.9 reasons to join us:1. Frequent business trips to European countries; 2. Ability to create added value for yourself — We have specially equipped Levi9 laboratories (with 3D printers and other high-tech features) when you can work on you own startups or test any other crazy ideas; 3. Possibility to share knowledge on techtalks, meetups and conferences in different Levi locations and outside the company; 4. Your health support via compensation of sport activities, vacation policy and private medical insurance; 5. Financial and vacation support of your important life events (wedding, child birth etc.); 6. Democratic banking policy — you can cooperate with us through any legal Ukrainian bank you choose; 7. Work for industry leaders such as TomTom, Xerox, Swarco and others; 8. “Save time” principles. We promote Automation testing and innovation technologies to save the most precious resource — your time; 9. No micromanagement. We are free birds with clear understanding what the high performance is!
• 2+ years of QA manual experience. • Testing theory knowledge. • Good knowledge of Windows based platforms. • Good understanding of network technologies. • Knowledge of SQL. • Experience in System and Network administration. • Understanding of Client-Server architecture, JSON Data API architecture. • Experience in working with OS kernel mode and hidden process. • Knowledge of Bug Management systems, Test Tools. • Interest in self-improvement. • Readiness to share your knowledge with other colleagues. • Initiative skills.• Automation testing experience. • Be familiar with CLI. • WHQL Testing • Linux Knowledge • Performance testingWhy join COMODO:— Competitive salaries. We know for sure that there are no such cookies in the world that can substitute the good paycheck:), so we provide competitive salaries according to the level of your skills.— Interesting projects. Being a product company, we can ensure that you will be working on a challenging and interesting project (architecture-wise and functionality-wise). This way you will grow your expertise and develop a lot of new professional skills. All our projects are long-term.— Flexible working schedule. We have flexible 8-hours working day, so you can work in your most productive time.— Comfortable working environment. Our offices are conveniently located and have separate comfortable rooms for each team.Kitchen with coffee machine, fridge, microwave, hot & cold water dispenser.— Friendly team of professionals. One of our top priorities is creating welcoming atmosphere throughout the company. We promptly address individual needs of our employees and constantly grow team spirit during corporate events.— Benefits that we offer: * fully paid sick leave and vacation days (20 working days per year); * company-paid medical insurance; * compensation of gym membership; * compensation of the tax payments; * company-paid English classes; * incentives for the creative ideas.
We are looking for an enthusiastic QA Engineer to join our team in Lviv. We have more projects to come in, so we start looking for a reliable person, who is aiming to become an expert in Quality Assurance, but that’s not regular as-all-others Tester. You have to be an Engineer with good communication and organizational skills. We are not looking for a staff per project — we want to find one more family member for long-term relations.Responsibilities: — Review, analyze and assess project requirements and specifications as well as product functionality to convert them into quality control process artifacts; — Prepare and run test cases/scenarios; — Prepare and acquire test data; — Log and evaluate results and document deviations from the expected results; — Contribute to test documentation creation; — Test summary report creation.What’s needed for this position from you: — 2+ years of work experience as Test Engineer; — Experience with mobile testing; — Experience with web testing; — Worked with REST APIs, relational databases; — Understanding test planning, bug detection, regression; — Understanding of the test activities as part of the Agile Framework; — At least intermediate level of English.Extras and huge pluses: — if you know what RegExp is; — if you know a bit about Python, Selenium/Selenium Grid + Appium.What we offer: — the most flexible working hours you’ve ever had; — food and care; — possibility to work remotely from anywhere; — vacations/ sick leaves and additional day offs; — after the trial: 50% coverage of any medical insurance; — time for opensource/education/own initiatives;
— 4+ years in QA; — 2+ years of experience with .NET platform; — Hands-on experience in automation; — C#, WebDriver knowledge; — Deep knowledge of QA principles, processes and practices.— BDD experience; — Mentoring or leading experience.9 reasons to join us:1. Frequent business trips to European countries; 2. Ability to create added value for yourself — We have specially equipped Levi9 laboratories (with 3D printers and other high-tech features) when you can work on you own startups or test any other crazy ideas; 3. Possibility to share knowledge on techtalks, meetups and conferences in different Levi locations and outside the company; 4. Your health support via compensation of sport activities, vacation policy and private medical insurance; 5. Financial and vacation support of your important life events (wedding, child birth etc.); 6. Democratic banking policy — you can cooperate with us through any legal Ukrainian bank you choose; 7. Work for industry leaders such as TomTom, Xerox, Swarco and others; 8. “Save time” principles. We promote Automation testing and innovation technologies to save the most precious resource — your time. 9. No micromanagement. We are free birds with clear understanding what the high performance is!— Work closely with scrum team members; — Perform manual testing and test automation for dedicated scrum team; — Grow the technical expertise of junior to middle team members on development practices; — Participate in discussions around software architecture and test framework improvement; — Mentor personal growth of newcomers.
— 3+ experience in software testing; — 1+ experience in QA Lead position; — Experience in testing Web applications/services; — Strong experience in web/mobile testing; — Good knowledge of REST; — Understanding HTTP, JSON, HTML, CSS, XML; — Knowledge of the principles of good requirements; — Strong leadership and managerial skills.— Ability to work under pressure; — Have experience in software project management; — Experience using Jira and a proven track record in Agile Development Strong leadership, analytical, organizational, problem-solving and decision-making skills.As well as a competitive salary there are a range of benefits including: — Fully paid sick leaves and 20 working days paid vacation; — Great opportunity to take part in unique Ukrainian Sportsbook product development; — Team of passionate professionals with experience exchange; — Paid trainings, conferences, professional library and career and proficiency development plans; — Team building events; — Paid sport trainings/medical insurance; — Sandwiches, juices, cookies, fruits and many-many more.— Work with Product and Development teams to identify test requirements and testing plan for features and applications; — Checks the past records of production to review if the existing standards will continue to bring in more revenue; — Act as key point of contact for all QA aspects of releases, providing QA services and coordinating QA resources internally and externally; — Responsible for conducting testing at each stage of product development; — Provide QA reports; — Provide RCA form QA side; — Responsible for mentoring and supervising in QA team; — Directly participates in the process of distribution of tasks between QA Engineers.
OneTouch creates premium games for a worldwide audience by combining innovative mobile-first designs with sharp single-touch interactivity to deliver a superior online gaming experience on both desktop and handheld devices.What we can offer: — Flexible working hours — Open-minded top management — Monitors 22 inches + MacBook — Location Kontraktova metro station — Rapid decision making/reconciliation — Participation in international conferences — It is possible to make your projects for development (24 days booked for Internal Hakaton’s) — You can spend one test day at the office (optional) and make a decision the same day in the evening at the pub)) — Tournaments on Starcraft II, Overwatch and etc. — 2 times per year — trips to Tallinn (the head office of The Coingaming Group) and business tripsKey responsibilities — Create test plans — Document processes and minimum requirements in the confluence — Execute tests on a large range of devices (mobile, tablet and desktop) — Lodge bugs in JIRA and testrail, then retest when resolved. — Monitor bug levels and provide weekly reports to your managers — Smoke testing following production release or hotfixes — Non-functional testing — Introduce automated testing and practices and grow them over time — Participating in certification processes for our games — Provide testing and verification when bugs/issues are reported by operators using our games.Key Skills: — 2+ years experience with casino game testing — JIRA, Confluence and Testrail proficiency — Strong attention to detail and ability to find intricate visual bugs — Ability to understand the game flow and identify payout bugs or defects in the functional operation of the game — Ability to simulate scenarios and test game stability (such as disconnection/reconnection) — Highly descriptive bug tracking to ensure the exact scenario can be reproduced using the device, OS, browser..etc. — Excellent documentation skills — Ability to teach and oversee junior QA staff — Positive, collaborative and ‘can-do’ attitude — Strong written and verbal communication along with excellent interpersonal skillsDo you feel yourself with us? We are waiting for your CV) Check our social pages for better understand who we are and what we are doing www.facebook.com/coingaming.io www.onetouch.io
— 3 + years of software automation/development experience; — Technical requirements: WebdriverIO, BDD (Cucumber, Gherkin), Page Object Pattern, Git; — Performing regression testing and executing automation scripts against functional and usability requirements; — Developing and executing automated and manual test scripts for requirement validation, integration, regression and usability testing; — Creation and maintenance of UI automated scripts on integration and system levels; Integrating automated tests into continuous integration pipelines (GitLab, Jenkins, GoCD).1.Frequent business trips to European countries; 2.Ability to create added value for yourself — We have specially equipped Levi9 laboratories (with 3D printers and other high-tech features) when you can work on you own startups or test any other crazy ideas; 3.Possibility to share knowledge on techtalks, meetups and conferences in different Levi locations and outside the company; 4.Your health support via compensation of sport activities, vacation policy and private medical insurance; 5.Financial and vacation support of your important life events (wedding, child birth etc.); 6.Democratic banking policy — you can cooperate with us through any legal Ukrainian bank you choose; 7.Work for industry leaders such as TomTom, Xerox, Swarco and others; 8.Save time" principles. We promote Automation testing and innovation technologies to save the most precious resource — your time; 9. No micromanagement. We are free birds with clear understanding what the high performance is!— Implement and maintain the automation frameworks as part of a continuous integration and agile environment; — Perform thorough automation test strategies to ensure comprehensive code coverage; — Develop high-quality automated tests to support the development and ensure high-quality software; — Identify and create reusable test data, methods, and frameworks; — Investigate failures, perform root cause analysis, and utilize the internal defect tracking tool to create detailed, high-quality defect reports; — Assure quality assurance in the evaluation of critical code fixes to determine ship readiness and help make sure that each release goes out on time with high quality; — Proactively identify & share new automation tools/processes/approaches to create, maintain and improve the Software Testing Lifecycle; — Coordinate with hardware team to ensure all testing needs are met.
Unicorn Systems is a renowned European company providing the largest information systems and solutions in the area of information and communication technologies. We have been focused on high added value and competitive advantage for our customers. We are looking for a member of an in-house development team in Oriflame.Requirements: — Upper-intermediate English; — Any experience with test analysis / test design and testing process; — Deep theoretical knowledge about Software development life cycle, good if you know what Scrum is; — Basic knowledge of SQL and web-technologies (HTTP, HTML, CSS, XML / JSON); — Any test and defect management tools experience (TFS knowledge is a plus).Soft Skills: — Great desire to start QA career; — Logical thinking, attentive to details; — Ability to learn and practice new technical concepts and test methodologies; — Good verbal communication skills; — Effective collaboration with team members.We offer: — Long term cooperation; — Сlose cooperation with the client; — ISTQB certification; — Free English classes; — 20 working days of vacation, paid sick leaves, insurance, gym; — Company events (trainings, active running club, skiing in winter, charity activities, birthdays); — Office conveniently located in the city center (Kyiv, Podil); — Possible business trips to the Czech Republic.
WeAreBrain is searching for a cool T-shaped Test Automation Engineer to join our Maxeda team. We are looking for a master in test automation, with a variety of other capabilities, along with the ability to adapt easily to varying demand.Who you are:— You are an expert in automated test creation based on Java and Selenium — You have a deep expertise in API and UI automation — You have an experience in manual testing and are ready to deal with it if and when it’s needed — You are familiar with CI tools like Bamboo or Jenkins— You have a good theoretical knowledge and practical experience with microservices architecture — You have a strong tech background (tech education is much appreciated)— The opportunity to work with a passionate and experienced international team building great technology products and startups across Europe and the United States — A competitive salary in line with your experience and expertise — Annual bonus based on company, team and personal performance — A truly agile working environment that supports your technical and personal growth — An 8-hour working day (7 working hours + 1-hour lunch break) — Paid time off — Partial fitness and education compensation — Free English classes with native speakers — Coaching and professional growth— Collaborate closely with other teammates and become a valued member of the Maxeda team — Create and automate API and integration tests — Improve the microservices testing approach — Help teams to establish proper environments (we work with CI/CD/clouds/virtualization) and frameworks to bake-in better quality in features — Support and improve test harnesses on all levels (from unit to UI cloud parallelization) — Perform all the necessary tasks to improve quality — from business requirements review to execution (exploratory, manual, automated, performance — whatever is necessary) — Work in an environment that supports your technical and personal growth — Continuously improve our product by innovating on all services
• Bachelor’s Degree, Diploma OR Equivalent • Create and drive automation test strategy and assets. • Experience of working with version control systems (GIT) • Strong testing technical ability across multiple platforms (SQL, Web, Service and Mobile) • Good manual testing skills • Good understanding and use of testing Processes and Techniques • Experience with test analysis, preparation and planning • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types Automation • Embracing change in a dynamic agile environment • The ability to foresee and create improvements to existing testing procedures as needed • Know various testing methods (functional, load, etc.) • Communication with Project Owners • Agile management tools (Jira)• The ability to work independently and collaboratively with the team. • A passion for lifelong learning and exceptional problems solving skills. • A driven person with good time management and great attention to detail, combined with the ability to deal with ambiguity and drive solutions, independently or collaboratively.Brightgrove is a team of more than 300 IT professionals, based in Kiev, Kharkiv and Minsk. We are extremely passionate about constant self-improvement and technical excellence. We have with us on board iOS, Android, Python, PHP, JavaScript, Ruby, .Net and Java teams.What You Get With Us— Long-term stable cooperation — Direct communication with the customer — Excellent compensation package — Flexible hours, the ability to work from home if necessary — Cozy office in the city centerAt Brightgrove you can make a difference. Flat hierarchy within the team encourages cooperation as well as participating in the whole lifecycle in order to deliver the best possible product.• Perform manual testing of tasks related to the UI • Establish of automation QA processes. • Develop and improve reliable, scalable and maintainable test automation framework. • Plan and estimate automation testing activities in Agile project • Test case adjustments for automated testing needs • Integrating automated testing into CI process • Identify, record, document and track bugs • Self-motivated and good at managing your time • Able to quickly resolve issues as they arise
Slate Studio is a product design and development consultancy based in Los Angeles, California and Kyiv, Ukraine. Founded in 2009, our team of 20+ people are mostly designers, developers and product managers, and includes successful US entrepreneurs. Slate Studio is not like typical outsource companies — we are a remote team of very senior people that specializes in crafting beautiful, scalable, multi-platform products for the world’s largest technology and media companies.THE ROLE On behalf of Slate Studio, TTL is looking for a SENIOR AUTOMATION QA ENGINEER to join our senior team in the development of several recently funded projects. You will be responsible to create and maintain a suite of automated tests across our large-scale, highly available, web-based services for consumer websites and mobile applications. You will work with our web and mobile engineers to ensure quality control of our web and mobile applications and integration with “internet of things” devices and backend services. In this role, you will Build test automation frameworks to enable automated functional test cases Integrate automated testing into continuous integration processes Write end-to-end, API, mobile, and web application tests Prepare test environments and test data Analyze test results and prepare test summary reports Collaborate with, and provide status updates to, developers and product leadsWhat we value 3+ years of experience in automation testing of user interface and backend services for mobile and web applications Experience in automation testing on Android Experience with Appium in mobile platforms Understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML/JSON, SOAP, REST, API Knowledge of base patterns used for automated tests (page object) Experience with continuous integration processes and tools (Jenkins, TeamCity, GitLab CI/CD) Experience with version control systems (Git) Ability to work independently Understanding of client-server architecture Knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process Practical experience with bug tracking systems (JIRA) Highly detail-oriented Proficiency in written and spoken EnglishWill be a plus Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related fieldBenefits Work for a US company Senior team Remote work No bureaucracy Complex technologies + challenging tasks Flexible time with vacations, sick days, and paid holidays Business trips and visa support to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and Los Angeles, USA
Опыт автоматизированного тестирования 2+ Знания теории тестирования Опыт тестирования web приложений Опыт проектирования авто-тестов Тестирование REST API OOP, KISS, DRY Java Selenium Webdriver Docker, Git Опыт работы с СI Опыт нагрузочного тестированияВозможность стать участником команды, которая создает успешный, качественный продукт Отличный коллектив и корпоративная культура Регулярная обратная связь и пересмотры по результатам сотрудничества Широкие возможности для саморазвития и профессионального роста Комфортный офис на Оболонской набережной (м. Оболонь) с плюшками на кухнеВыполнение задач тестирования Автоматизация тестирования Автоматизация запуска, прохода и анализа тестов Анализ и классификация результатов, полученных во время прохождения тестов
Must: — Good knowledge of testing theory: difference in testing approaches, methods, types and testing tactics, a good understanding of diverse types of testing processes and their differences, understanding purposes and goals of test documents. — Experience 3+ years in test planning, making test cases/checklists, test reports. — Experience in Linux/Ubuntu OS. — Knowledge of basic programming, software installation, and network configuration. — Base knowledge of physics. — Education: technical institute, better in IT sphere.Skills: — Proactivity, accuracy, pedantry and responsibility. — Good communicator and a team player. — English level minimum per-Intermediate.— Olympiad experience in IT, mathematics, physics. — Experience in automated testing. — ISTQB— Location: Kiev, office worker, 9.00 — 18.00. — Possible overtimes on evening and weekends (this work can be done remotely). — Possible 1-3 business trips/year, no longer 3-4 weeks/year in total.— Planning testing activities including approach and test-coverage selection — High and detailed estimation of testing activities — Writing and executing test cases/checklists. — Testing software and hardware (50/50). — Communications with team and customers.
On behalf of Just Eat , Ciklum is looking for QA Automation Engineer (C#) to join our team in Kyiv on full-time basis.Client details JUST EAT is the world leader in online takeaway ordering — processing millions of orders across 12 major markets, with a clear #1 position in all of these. We have achieved this by building a growing network of over 63,000 restaurant partners and continuing to commit major investment into our technology platform, our brand and our people. Just Eat is now firmly established as one of the UK’s leading consumer brands, we are all about choice and are helping the nation ‘find your flavour’ as we embark on creating the world’s greatest food community. Following our IPO in 2014, Just Eat is now well established as one of the most successful, innovative and high growth technology companies in Europe, with year-on-year order growth of over 50%. Our people are at the heart of everything we do. Globally we have 2500 Just Eaters. They embody our values: Make Happy, Razor Sharp and Big Hearted. We truly believe it’s the people that make Just Eat the great company it is. We have an incredibly open culture. We’re about making everyone feel comfortable, sharing ideas and trying out new things. As a rapidly growing company JUST EAT are always looking for exceptional people to join us. Behind the simple façade of our consumer facing products sit a wealth of APIs, search algorithms and B2B services that we are continuously evolving and we are always looking for the right people to help us build them.Client’s website: just-eat.comResponsibilities: Our engineering teams are growing because we have a huge number of ideas of how to improve the experience customers and restaurants have. As a Test Automation Engineer you will need to play a key role in turning those ideas into reality. You’ll need to: • Become a trusted authority in QA matters, with a strong evidence-based case for why a release is ready to ship. • Engineer solid, reliable automated tests that are considered as reliable as production code. • Clarify ambiguous scope; you should be one of the team members who can spot requirements that are open to different interpretations. • Ensure that your changes have the right level of test coverage, including unit, functional and performance tests. • Configure CI to provide the maximum team benefit, balancing coverage and confidence at each stage. • Take responsibility for fixing failed tests and issues with the CI infrastructure.Requirements: We’d like to hear from you if you are confident testing in a collaborative, agile and continuous delivery environment. We expect you to be comfortable working with Product Managers, UX Designers and software engineers — configuring environments, looking in databases and automation are important parts of the role. You will need experience in: • Defining acceptance criteria • 3+ years’ experience in web testing • Writing web automated tests based on Selenium using C# (2+ year) • RESTful services testing • Mobile testing experience • Good knowledge of HTML/CSS/JavaScript • Basic knowledge of SQL • Continuous Integration & Delivery • Upper-Intermediate EnglishDesirable: • Working within an e-commerce business • GIT, cloud services (AWS, Azure)What’s in it for you? • We’ll believe and trust in you and your abilities. So you and your team will have the authority to make the technical decisions you need to meet your responsibilities to the rest of the platform and company. • Middle > the opportunity to become a senior and authoritative voice within the engineering team of a large and successful, but still fast growing company. • An environment in which good, evidence-based arguments are always listened to, and will win out. • Regular 1-2-1 meetings with your Technology Manager, with support and guidance to set and then meet personal career objectives. • An open, friendly and fun environment; we have a relaxed dress code and regular social events. • Hackathons — use your imagination, ideas and technologies of your choice to innovate and deliver prototypes of new products.About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
On behalf of IntraNote, Ciklum is looking for a Middle Manual QA to join Kyiv team on full-time basis.Client details: IntraNote a/s is a software and consulting service company with a comprehensive portfolio of services in development, project management, training and consultancy. Our more than 400 solutions covering Intranets, Extranets, and Document Management (ERDMS) have been implemented efficiently using a combination of standard solutions, efficient project management and a close customer dialogue to launch each solution with a minimum of customer resources. The solutions are based on the Microsoft platforms; IntraNote Portal Server, DocuNote and SharePoint and a number of standard integrations. Based on simplicity for the user and efficient standard implementations, we increase our customers’ knowledge every day.Client’s website: www.intranote.dkResponsibilities The position implies manual testing of several modules in application which consists from main Desktop application, web edition, iOS and Android applications. The software is a Document Management System with advanced functionality, including Workflow, Signing, Scanning modules. The tester will participate in smoke testing, regression testing, usability testing, etc.Requirements • Education background: Academic IT education on specialist or master level in Computer Science or Engineering is desirable. • Manual testing of desktop or web applications for at least two years • Test cases development • Experience with Test requirements analysis • Test design and planning • Usability test experience • Intermediate EnglishDesirable • Basic SQL knowledge will be a plusPersonal skills • Structured, careful and thorough • Able to learn fast • Constantly learn from experience and proactive • Team player • Positive personalityWhat’s in it for you? • Job opportunity where you can apply your skills and grow professionally in an incredible team of young and active people within transparent and well established working processes. • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with the client • Exposure to cutting-edge technologies • Variety of knowledge sharing and training opportunities, a lot of various technical seminars • Competitive salary • Career and professional growth • Possibility to work in a big and successful company • Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation and other social benefits • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditionsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
On behalf of CloudSimple, Ciklum is looking for DevOps QA Engineer to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.CloudSimple is building next generation cloud infrastructure with a specific focus on enterprises workloads. The candidate will work in a team that will include SW and Test engineers as well as product owners/managers.Responsibilities: • Develop/write test cases aiming at validation of provisioned/updated infrastructure/software components and their configuration • Develop and maintain automated test harness and libraries • Create automated test scripts from smoke, regression, and functional test plans all the way up to system, stress, performance test suites • Integrate test scripts with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins • Communicate test results and highlight any potential quality risks • Coordinate with Software and DevOps engineers the automation activities to improve unit and integration testsRequirements: • Strong experience in automation testing and hands-on experience with more than one programming language and its ecosystem (Python, Java, Golang, Ruby, etc.) • Experience in developing and automation of test cases based on feature requirements • Working knowledge of automating tests that validate the deployment and fault tolerance of scale out applications such as Elastic, Cassandra, Consul, Kafka, etc. • Past experience working with Azure or Google public cloud • Familiarity with best test practices applicable in cloud environments • Proven experience defining and building test suites that are tightly integrated with a continuous deployment (CD) pipeline • Experience in agile environments, ideally Scrum • Familiarity with version control tools (e.g. git/GitHub/GitLab), CI tools (e.g. Jenkins), issue management and bug life cycle (e.g. Jira) and automation dashboards • Strong English written and verbal communication skills to work with the global CloudSimple teamDesirable: • Knowledge on Ansible, Ansible Tower and Terraform is a plusPersonal skills: • Open-minded, flexible and thriving in a dynamic, ever-changing environment • Excellent interpersonal skills • Strong problem-solving abilities • Self-learning skillsWhat’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • Variety of knowledge sharing, training, and self-development opportunitiesAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team! Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
On behalf of CloudSimple, Ciklum is looking for a Senior Software Test Automation Engineer to join our Kyiv team on full-time basis.CloudSimple is building next generation cloud infrastructure with a specific focus on enterprises workloads. We are looking for a strong self-motivated Software Test Automation Engineer with passion for quality and automation.Responsibilities: • Analyze feature requirements and end-to-end user scenarios, and prepare test plans with detailed functional, performance, test cases. Define release criteria for feature release, and ensure comprehensive test coverage • Develop test automation based on the test cases, and integrate them into the existing automation test framework. Achieve as high as possible automation coverage with test code modularity and reuse • Independently design large scale test infrastructure to cover all levels of test (e.g. functional, performance, smoke, etc.) • Communicate test results and highlight any potential quality risks from the automation test results • Perform the first level triage upon detecting product defects; Analyze defects to assess severity and prioritize them for developers • Interact with software developers to tune code and track all problem reports to closureRequirements: • A minimum of 4-5 years of proven experience developing test automation of software product by using one of languages from JVM stack (Groovy/Java) and scripting language (preferably, Python) • Good understanding of RESTful API principles • Good knowledge and understanding of Linux, hands-on experience with systems backed up by distributed databases like Cassandra or ElasticSearch; good understanding of Kafka, Consul • Familiarity with Docker, Kubernetes • Practical experience of work with public clouds (AWS/Google/Azure), in particular experience with Azure is a big plus • Familiarity with version control tools (e.g. git/GitHub), CI tools (e.g. Jenkins), code review tools (e.g. Gitlab), issue management and bug life cycle (e.g. Jira) • BS or MS in Computer Science or other related majors • Excellent written and verbal communication skills to work with the CloudSimple global teamPersonal skills: • Open-minded, flexible and thriving in a dynamic, ever-changing environment • Excellent interpersonal skills • Strong problem-solving abilities • Self-learning skillsWhat’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • Variety of knowledge sharing, training, and self-development opportunitiesAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
Job Description:Review requirements, specifications and technical designs to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved The candidate should be able to develop and debug software in .NET, C#, and ASP.NET Write unit, functional, load, and stress tests Automate the running of tests to support continuous integration, delivery and deployment Experience with modern deployment strategies such as blue-green and canary Must have an understanding of high availability and disaster recovery for applications and databases An understanding of containerized applications using Kubernetes and Docker Experience developing applications with the Azure cloud platform using Visual Studio Experience with SDLC tools such as Team Foundation Server, Visual Studio Online and Jira Experience with source control systems such as TFS and GitQualifications Experience:Must be a self-starter with the ability to manage their own work. Must have a bachelor’s degree or relevant work experience in computer science or related disciplines such as mathematics or engineering. Demonstrated history of successful software projects.Minimal communication overhead and maximum focus on product development Supportive working climate with flexible work practices Openness to new ideas Training and professional development Medical insurance health plan Sports reimbursement program 18 working days of 100% paid vacation and paid sick days Modern and comfortable office facilities near the city-center Language courses
2+ years Linux/Unix [Ubuntu, Centos/RHEL] administration and configuration Experience in one of scripting languages and cli tools (Python, bash, awk, sed) Hands-on experience with configuration management tools: Puppet, ansible Understanding of continuous integration process and tools: Jenkins, Bamboo Understanding monitoring principles and experience with monitoring systems: zabbix, graphite, Nagios, NewRelic An understanding of protocols including HTTP, HTTPS, TCP/IP, WebSokets, XHR, Protobuf and DNS Basic knowledge in databases: MySQL, OracleBachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related area Experience with virtualization technologies: vmware, AWS Experience with web and application services: Apache, Tomcat, nginx Knowledge of version control systems and frontend application servers: git, mercurial Experience with performance testing approach Demonstrate innovative ability by trying alternate solutions to resolve issues Strong analytical and problem solving skills Self-motivated and willing to “do what it takes” to get the job done. Service oriented mentality and keen attention to details. Proven verbal and written communications skills in EnglishProfessional growth Educational possibilities Competitive compensation Fully-equipped perfect office space located in the city center (“Palats Sportu” metro station) Warm and friendly attitude to every specialist Possibility to cooperate with a product companySetup configuration management process and tools Create smooth continuous integration process for development components Support virtual servers based on ESXi, AWS, configure APM solution, monitoring servers and MySQL databases Analyze, plan and manage capacity of performance environment Analyze product’s performance bottleneck, investigate complex configuration and performance issues Debug, troubleshoot, and work with team members to find and fix issues Analyze performance test data, defects and test results. Deduct the chain of events leading to a failure Design, develop and execute automated data driven performance test scripts. Create reports that describe detected defects and possible causes
Position description: Rapidly growing Ukrainian — Swedish Company is looking for the Middle QA Engineer. We propose interesting work, good salary level and social package.• Several years of commercial application testing, write / maintain autotests • Experience with data bases and WEB testing. • Knowledge and experience with testing of mobile applications. • Understanding of developing and testing process. • Software requirements verification and testing. • Test analysis and test documentation. • Working with Bug Tracking systems. • Technical English knowledge, experience with writing documentation in English.• Example of yours tests on GitHub, Bitbucket • Basic DevOPs skills • Experience of any program language (preferably Python), SQL • Knowledge’s in load testing (Soap UI, Locust) • Webinars, conference attending (provide your video)• 8 hours working day / 5 days working week; • Competitive salary rates; • Paid vacations and national holidays; • Friendly team; • Modern office and equipment; • Opportunity for professional and career growth; • Office located by subway.
Requirements: • Bachelor’s degree in computer science or the equivalent relevant experience. • Five-plus years of experience in software testing. • Five-plus years working in a team environment. • Skill in developing test plans and test cases. • Experience with requirements and specifications reviews. • Experience with object-oriented languages. • Experience in test automation tools like Selenium, Coded UI or any other similar tools. • Knowledge of continuous integration methodologies. • Team-oriented attitude.What’ll Make You Special: • Experience with languages like Python and Java. • Experience with unit testing. • Hands on with Unix, Linux. • Troubleshooting.We offer: • Fair and honest cooperation! Every new specialist becomes a member of our family that is why we’d like to cooperate with a person, not only with developer; • 50% of compensation for each IT-event; • Location in the center of the city, so it’s easy to find us; • You’ll get a Mac computer and all the needed software for working at office; • Our Account Manager will care about your taxes; • Team events (football matches, paintball, theaters etc.).Responsibilities: • Develop and implement automation (regression) test strategies. • Participate in requirements gathering. • Automate existing manual testing scenarios. • Create automated test scripts across multiple automation frameworks. • Create test scripts to automate UI, RESTful APIs and IoT device application. • Detect software quality issues, report them and track them to resolution. • Assist in post-implementation and continuous improvement efforts to enhance systems and applications. • Identify product performance issues during new product development. • Ensure optimal product performance, scalability and availability for production environments. • Keep current on quality trends and technology innovations. • Continuously improve product quality by using modern techniques. • Being practical is essential.
Компания NEXTEUM, в связи с развитием продукта и расширением команды,приглашает QA Engineer (Manual) присоединиться к команде крупнейшего международного online-проекта, разрабатываемого в Украине.Технологии: PHP 7, Frameworks: Zend Framework 2/Zend Framework 3, Symfony 3, PhpUnit 5, ORM: Doctrine 2, JobServer: Gearman. Composer.Требования:2+ года опыта в тестировании Web-приложений. Умение составлять тестовую документацию. Знание и понимание теории тестирования. Опыт работы с MySQL Опыт работы с git.Skype: HR NexteumЖелание развиваться в сторону автоматизированного тестирования. Понимание и опыт в CI/CDОплата $1000-1500 без овертаймов. Оплачиваемые овертаймы и бонусы до 50% от базовой ставки. Возможность повышения уровня квалификации. Регулярный пересмотр оплаты с повышением профессионального уровня. Контракт с американской компанией, привязка оплаты к курсу $. Участие в highload проекте. Стать частью команды работающей над крупнейшими online-проектами. Опыт работы в e-commerce проекте. Благоприятные условия для стимула ваших идей по оптимизации и инновации процессов. Четкие правила работы в проекте (SCRUM, Waterfall), детализация задач. Точные тайминги, поощрение за выполнение в рамках дедлайна. Офис в центре.Тестирование преимущественно backend процессов. Создание тестовой документации. Вовлечение в планирование проекта, анализ требований и определение критериев приемочного тестирования. Сотрудничество с командой для обеспечения лучшего качества приложения.
Компания NEXTEUM, в связи с развитием продукта и расширением команды,приглашает QA Automation Engineer присоединиться к команде крупнейшего международного online-проекта, разрабатываемого в Украине.Технологии: PHP 7, Frameworks: Zend Framework 2/Zend Framework 3, Symfony 3, PhpUnit 5, ORM: Doctrine 2, JobServer: Gearman. Composer.Требования:2+ года опыта в тестировании Web-приложений. Знание и понимание теории тестирования. Опыт в тестировании backend-приложений. Понимание жизненного цикла разработки ПО. Умение составлять тестовую документацию. Понимание REST JavaSE git MySQL.Будет плюсом: JavaEE PHP NoSQL BDD. Понимание и опыт в CI/CD. Понимание работы микросервисной архитектуры.Оплата $1500-2000 без овертаймов. Оплачиваемые овертаймы и бонусы до 50% от базовой ставки. Возможность повышения уровня квалификации. Регулярный пересмотр оплаты с повышением профессионального уровня. Контракт с американской компанией, привязка оплаты к курсу $. Участие в highload проекте. Стать частью команды работающей над крупнейшими online-проектами. Опыт работы в e-commerce проекте. Благоприятные условия для стимула ваших идей по оптимизации и инновации процессов. Четкие правила работы в проекте (SCRUM, Waterfall), детализация задач. Точные тайминги, поощрение за выполнение в рамках дедлайна. Офис в центре.Разработка платформы для автоматизации тестирования front-end части приложения. Доработка платформы для автоматизации backend скриптов. Создание тестовой документации. Тестирование пользовательского интерфейса и API на основе документации. Разработка и поддержка авто-тестов. Вовлечение в планирование тестирования. Сотрудничество с командой для обеспечения лучшего качества приложения.
+ Ability to understand and verify business requirements + Independently perform test design and create test cases + Administer and maintain dedicated test environment, manage test tools and test data + Raise test related issues and work together with developers towards their resolution + Work with Defect Tracking System (JIRA) + Participate in identifying areas for improvement and suggest solutions + Enjoy working with a Team and willing to follow process conventions + Professional working experience of 6 months or more + Good command in English, both written and oral+ Experience in working with and testing the integration of external APIs + Having worked in Agile Development Teams (e.g. Scrum, Kanban, etc) + Experience with or at least interest in test automation + Experience with Cucumber and Selenium + Familiarity with OpenAPI Specification (ex-Swagger) + Experience with API testing (e.g. using Postman) + Able to run basic database queries as needed for testing purposes (e.g. MongoDB) + Basic Shell scripting and Linux commandsWe are offering an opportunity to help us continue to grow a world-class tech company and make a global impact in the way knowledge is shared. We are working with the latest technologies and have been incubated out of New York’s bustling technology scene.Our technology stack includes AWS, Slack, Jira, TestRail, MongoDB, Postman, Cucumber, Selenium, CircleCI, and more. You can check it out here: stackshare.io/shelf/shelfIf you are looking for the adventure of a lifetime and are interested in this opportunity, please send the following information to join@shelf.io: 1) Resume or link to the LinkedIn profile 2) Link to GitHub or other relevant online profiles 3) Links to previous projects you’ve worked onWe are looking for QA Engineers who have at least 6 months of experience in testing web-based applications to complement our core development Team here in Lviv. To build our company’s Saas product, we’re utilizing the latest technologies around the Node.js ecosystem.
• Strong C# knowledge; • Experience with Selenium WebDriver; • Understanding of REST and HTTP protocol; • Strong knowledge of testing theory and software development; • Strong knowledge of test approaches and methodologies; • Strong knowledge of testing processes and defect tracking; • Experience in test design; • Experience in web-applications testing; • Good written and verbal English• Experience with Unit testing (C#) • Experience with Git • Experience with CI/CD Tools• We invite you to join our friendly international team and work in a comfortable office not far from the metro. • Comfortable work schedule. • Zero bureaucracy • Pleasant working atmosphere • Interesting projects and challenging tasks • Opportunities for self-realization, professional and stable career growth • And we also have delicious cookies :)• To be in charge of the product quality • Write test-cases • Cover test-cases by automated tests
Technology Stack: • Product: WebApp + Mobile Apps. UI: vue.js; dojo; Multiple client implementations. Support of different versions of Git. Maven projects • TestNG: Listeners • Reporting: spreadsheet-based (logs) + video recording • UI testing: Selenium WebDriver 3 (Chrome) • DB Testing: JDBC + Spring Data JPA (Oracle + PostgreSQL) • API Testing: Rest Assured • Mobile Testing: Appium (iOS + Android) • CI: Jenkins• Competitive salary • Ability to develop your skills in the team of professionals • Fully equipped working place • Full social package with a corporate physician • SoftServe discount program • Fully equipped gyms and relax zones • Unforgettable in-company events, corporate presents and even more• Demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills • Create automated (Mobile) tests and maintain automated test scripts/code • Explore ‘legacy’ products in order to understand the business domain • Perform code review (BitBucket) • Ability to handle challenging tasks • Being a self-starter • Ability to work with minimal supervision • Have a skillset to debug/identify the issue in backend product and testing tools
3+ года опыта ручного и автоматизированного тестирования; 2+ лет опыта руководства командой QA; Знание Java или Php; Знание SQL; Опыт работы с Git; Понимание BDD; Опыт работы с Selenium; Опыт работы с Phpunit; Умение работать с командной строкой Linux; Опыт работы с системами тестирования нагрузки; Опыт построения QA отдела с нуля либо понимание что для этого нужно; Опыт работы с трекерами задач; Опыт работы, либо желание научиться работать с удаленными командами как QA так и разработчиков; Понимание принципов работы с базами данных (mysql, postgres) и кэшами (redis); Понимание принципов работы http, https, tcp, udp; Понимание SDLC; Обучаемость, коммуникабельность, исполнительность, ответственность; Тime management skills.Знакомство и обучение со стороны профессионалов из других стран; Личный профессиональный рост (мы заинтересованы, чтоб наши сотрудники учились не только внутри своей команды, но и посещали профильные митапы и конференции); Достойный уровень оплаты труда. Офис в центре Киева. Корпоративные мероприятия, тимбилдинги.Управление распределенной командой QA; Определение, постановка, согласование, распределение и контроль выполнения задач; Обеспечение эффективного процесса тестирования в рамках матричной структуры нескольких распределенных проектных команд; Обеспечение процессов ручного и автоматизированного тестирования; Коммуникация с тим лидами, ПМами, разработчиками; Создание отчетности по процессу тестирования и его эффективности; Написание документации; Наполнение и улучшение локальной базы знаний; Помощь отделу ручного тестирования с ресурсоемкими задачами; Review кода сотрудников.
On behalf of Hopster, Ciklum is looking for QA Automation Engineer to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.About Client: Hopster is the app that helps kids to learn through the shows they love, striking a balance between learning and fun. As one of the top-ranking kids apps on the App Store in 20 countries and counting, one of the App Store’s Best of 2014 and Best of 2015 selection as well as Kidscreen 2016 Best Streaming Video Platform winner, we already do this for over 500k families.Our investors and advisors include Sandbox & Co, Peter Read (LoveFilm), MADE.com CTO Jonathan Howell, and Davina McCall. Following a Series A in 2014, we’ve just closed a new round of funding and have some big plans to grow.About working at Hopster We understand children and we are a diverse, ambitious team. We strive for a fast, fun, and creative environment. We embrace new ideas and work together to build a better Hopster.Everyone gets as much responsibility as they can handle and, as a rapidly growing company, we’d expect to offer people who perform well plenty of future growth opportunities.We’re a techy bunch, we’re always looking for ways to do things better, whether it’s improving the performance of an API, improving music compression in the app or exploring a new JavaScript framework. You’ll have the chance to contribute to an exciting, rapidly growing startup while also having the opportunity to grow, learn and progress your technical skills.Still sound good? Get in touch. We look forward to hearing from you.What We’ll Give You: We look after our people. You’ll get 25 days of holiday goodness with the option to take more if you have somewhere special in mind. Thinking about your health? No probs — we’ll give you money towards a health benefit of your own choosing, annual gym membership, yoga class etc. Finally, we keep it fun. We work with a smile on our faces with loads of social activities, team nights out and outdoor bonding events.Role Overview: Under the direction of the Product Owners and CTO, working closely alongside other members of our QA team, you’ll be responsible for: • Creating automated test suites and scripts for our mobile, web and backend platforms • Writing manual test cases and plans for new and existing features • Conducting manual testing of new features and functionality • Coaching and mentoring manual test analysts in test automation • Managing manual test script repositories • Developing and reviewing regression test suites • Defect management and bug prioritization • Ensuring high quality and accuracy is maintained through to software release.You’ll be working across the core Hopster platforms, including mobile, web and TV. As you’ll be working across several projects and platforms so you must have an ability to effectively prioritize and manage your workload.Required Experience: • 2+ years of experience in a test automation role • Experience with a range of automation test tools for mobile, web and RESTful API (tools like Appium, Selenium) • Knowledge and experience of developing robust, maintainable, efficient automated test frameworks • Coding skills to develop frameworks and automated tests using languages such as Python • Proven experience with Continuous Integration and Jenkins • Knowledge of SDLC and Agile testing processes • Proven experience of manual testing across mobile, web and TV applications • Experience on all testing models : Functional, Integration, System, Regression, UAT, Smoke & Sanity • Keen observational and analytical skills • Careful attention to detailDesired Experience: • An ISTQB Foundation in Software Testing desirable • API manual and automation testing (Postman or equivalent) • Website automation testing (Selenium or equivalent) • Experience with automated testing in graphical games development • Experience with Atlassian tools (JIRA, Confluence) • Development/coding experienceWhat’s in it for you? • We are a diverse, ambitious team. We strive for a fast, fun, and creative environment. We embrace new ideas and work together to build a better Hopster. • Everyone gets as much responsibility as they can handle and, as a rapidly growing company, we’d expect to offer people who perform well plenty of future growth opportunities. • We’re a techy bunch, we’re always looking for ways to do things better and truly believe in our mission to make Hopster a win/win for kids and parents. • You’ll get a personal project day each month where you can work on something that interests you. • The food and drinks at the end of the sprint are on us Still sound good? Get in touch. We look forward to hearing from you.About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
2+ years of automated testing experience (Swift, Objective-C or Java) Strong experience with automation tools (UI Automation, Appium, etc.) Ability to read technical documentation Solid experience with testing of mobile applications Experience working with test documentation (Test Strategies, Test Plans, Test Scenarios, QA Reports Understanding of testing approaches, techniques and methodologies Good understanding of web technologies: HTML, CSS, XML, JS, HTTP, HTTPS, client-server architecture API testing experience (REST) Good understanding of CI/CD pipeline Intermediate+ EnglishBenefits that we offer: fully paid sick leaves (5 per year) and vacation days (20 per year); compensation of the tax payments; English speaking club; recreation area equipped Medical insurance Compensation for sport.Automated functional testing Design and create of test scenarios Provide defects root cause analysis CI/CD process support Automation reports analysis Actively collaborating with developers and business stakeholders to clarify requirements, especially in terms of testability, consistency, and completeness Cooperate with Project Team as well as work individually
2+ years of QA experience Experience with various types of testing Experience with creating and maintaining test documentation Knowledge of Android and iOS Experience testing web and mobile applications Solid knowledge of HTML, CSS, XML, HTTP(S) Basic understanding of client-server architecture Basic understanding principles of wireless network protocols Understanding of REST API architecture and testing approaches Basic knowledge of agile-based software development methodologiesInteresting projects → being a product company, we can ensure that you will be working on a challenging and interesting project (architecture-wise and functionality-wise). This way you will grow your expertise and develop a lot of new professional skills. All our projects are long-term. Flexible working schedule → we have flexible 8-hours working day, so you can work in your most productive time. Comfortable working environment → our office is conveniently located in city center. Kitchen with coffee machine, fridge, microwave, hot & cold water dispenser. Tea and sweets are always available! Friendly team of professionals — one of our top priorities is creating welcoming atmosphere throughout the company. We promptly address individual needs of our employees and constantly grow team spirit during corporate events. Benefits that we offer: fully paid sick leaves (5 per year) and vacation days (20 per year); compensation of the tax payments; English speaking club; recreation area equipped Medical insurance Compensation for sport.Quality control of Z-wave devices integration Web, iOS & Android applications testing Creating and maintaining test documentation REST API testing
Experience in mobile and web applications testing at least 1 year; English — pre-intermediate level or higher; Good understanding of project’s testing types; Good knowledge in Mobile (iOS, Android platform) & Web Technologies; Experience of work with bug tracking and test management tools; Great communication skills.Automation testing experienceInteresting projects where you definitely will use modern technologies; Competitive salary; Personal career plan and fast growth (QA team lead or project coordinator); Good and clear project management; Flexible working schedule; Paid vacation and national holidays; Office close to subway in the center of the city.
On behalf of Ciklum New Client, we are looking for experienced Operations QA to join Kyiv team on full-time basis and to help create awesome games at a company that puts quality at the front.Client Details:Our client is a Tel Aviv based game development company. They produced different social games for iOS, Android and Facebook. Have more than 1 million users. Their goal is to develop top quality casual games and connect people, friends and players from all over the world. They have very good positions on the market, high quality, they care about user experience, do a lot of analysis, company has good revenue grows. With More than 1M Daily Active Users and over 60 Million downloads, their main game is a Top 10 most grossing game in over 60 countries, kept its place as a top grossing game in every country it was officially launched. We follow our belief that reaching success comes from setting high standards and striving to be the best at all we do: • Stunning art • Fun gameplay • Marketing expertise • Data science • Advanced technology • No compromises on qualityResponsibilities: • Work as a part of the operations team. • Work closely with monetization and product teams. • Configure game in production • QA and release content (events, levels and more) • Perform functional and layout testing • Investigating bugs in the wild • Working with in-house and external test toolsRequirements: • At least 1 year as a manual QA • Upper intermediate English • Details oriented person • Pays scrupulous attention to detail • Is user/customer focused • Enthusiastic to new technologies and mobile in particular • Bonus points for familiarity with gamingWhat’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • A challenging function, with a lot of responsibility in a unique dynamic environment • Work with the latest technologies. • Work with skilled and professional team mates. Collaborating together to create awesome games served to tens of millions of players. • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions • Competitive salaryAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
— 2+ years of relevant work experience; — good coding skills in Python ideally calling REST services; — previous experience with Selenium, Webdriver, and, Robot Framework (or equivalent) in a commercial environment; — estimation, work breakdown and test coverage needs from explicit and implicit test requirements; — investigate software defects and identify root cause; — CI testing with Jenkins.— experience of testing, development or support of AWS or other SAAS solutions; — test Automation development and maintenance for Web applications; — experience of working with BDD or TDD; — experience of working within an Agile environment; — familiarity with JavaScript; — experience of Linux OS (Amazon Linux, Ubuntu).— being part of a young and unconventional team; — vibrant team culture; — open mindset for new technologies and processes — an environment located in the center of Kyiv (BC “Astarta”).Position desсription: — as an Automation QA Engineer you will design, evolve and implement an automated testing suites of Web Browser and REST API; — you will be also partially involved in manual testing; — you will write code to examine and test features and deployments; — you will also work closely with other Engineers to develop tests to cover feature development within sprint and ensure that issues are addressed in a timely manner.Responsibilities: — design, define and implement automated test suites to satisfy and cover feature requirements and regression testing; — ensure issues are identified, tracked, reported on and resolved in a timely manner, assisting in the investigation and resolution where time permits; — ensure testing is carried out in a timely, repeatable and effective fashion; — investigate and resolve causes of instability in the automated test execution; — work with development to design and incorporate entry points and instrumentation in the code for testing frameworks to use; — identify and analyze useful quality data and other metrics and help include them in CI and developer portals; — determine and advise when components meet acceptable quality criteria and standards and give the go-ahead for release to production; — you will also be involved in some final smoke screen tests to advise the Product Owner on go/no-go.
4+ years of overall professional experience Software Engineering, 3+ years of experience in Automation Testing of Software, Programming skills: Java and scripting language (Python, Ruby), Understanding of BDD, Experience with continuous integration and source control systems, Familiarity with testing methodologies and techniques, Upper-intermediate level of English.Hands-on experience with AWS or other public cloud ecosystems for production services.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan), Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place), Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients, Flexible work schedule, 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both, Annual vitaminization program for employees, Relocation assistance, English and German courses, Competitive salary according to the qualifications, Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract, Corporate leisure activities.Manual testing of AMD pipeline tool application, Automate testing of AMD pipeline tool application, Develop test framework from scratch, Support and training of Release Managers in using our product, End-to-end verification and maintenance of AMD pipeline tool, Backward and compatibility testing for new SW and data releases, Root causes analysis of failed test and report issues/take corrective actions, Create test reports and report quality metrics, defect troubleshooting and follow up, Maintain test related documentation.
4+ years of overall professional experience in Software Engineering; 3+ years of experience in Automation Testing of Software; Good experience and knowledge of any automation language (Java, Python); Experience with continuous integration and source control systems; Familiarity with testing methodologies and techniques; Understanding of Agile methodologies and engineering practices; Hands on experience of the product with the micro-service based architecture; Upper-intermediate level of English, well-developed communication skills.Knowledge of JavaScript; Experience with automated testing framework Nightwatch; Experience with Amazon cloud services; Experience in big data.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan); Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place); Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients; Flexible work schedule; 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both; Annual vitaminization program for employees; Relocation assistance; English and German courses; Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract; Corporate leisure activities.Develop and execute automation scripts; Develop and apply testing processes across the platform, ensure platform teams follow defined test strategy; Track platform quality assurance metrics; Ensure platform delivery quality.
Based in the US since 2004,Codeminders develops software products for high-tech companies located predominantly in the Silicon Valley of California. While we specialize in a broad range of applications, our primary focus is on modern technologies such as social networks, mobile applications, video conference systems, cloud computing, etc. We have a constantly growing team of top-level specialists with proven ability to professionally design and deliver a diverse spectrum of projects. Codeminders is not a typical outsourcing company. Our clients select us primarily because we master the most challenging and diverse projects delivering them successfully and on schedule.Some of the benefits of working for Codeminders are: Salary based on individual qualifications, experience, and interview results Outstanding job stability with great opportunities for professional growth and advancement Western management practices Prospect of business travel to the US and Europe Modern and comfortable offices in Kiev within walking distance from “Lybedskaja” subway station Great benefits package including training opportunities Reimbursement for moving expenses for out-of-town candidates Flexible working hours You may work from home one day per week Performance bonuses and annual salary reviews Choice of desktop or a laptop as a workstation Bike-friendly and car-friendly officesWe are looking for a QA EngineerRequired skills: • 3+ years of experience in QA • Strong knowledge of Networking concepts, protocols and methods • Profound experience with Networking tools (like sniffers) • Background with platforms administration • Good experience in client-server applications testing • Good understanding of testing process methods and concepts. • Good experience in test cases developing and execution, defects reports creation • Experience with different testing types (functional, load, stress) • Good English skills Desired skills: • Experience with Video Conference or Soft phone testing • Special Technologies knowledge: SIP, HTTP, SDP, H323, TCP/IP, ICMP, MCU
— Experience in system testing and troubleshooting. — Experience in defining test requirements, test methodologies, setting up the required test lab and equipment. — Previous/current experience testing in a Linux and other Unix environments as well as how to administer those environments. — Familiar with any Scripting language, Python preferred for automation. — Upper-intermediate spoken English.— Networking/Security certification or experience with Firewall, IPS/IDS and/or other network security products. — Experience with working on Agile teams is a huge plus.— Строить с нуля процесс тестирования на проекте. — Разрабатывать детальные test plans. — Выполнять автоматизированное тестирование веб-приложений, разработанных для обеспечения сетевой безопасности. — Проводить полный цикл тестирования, постоянно взаимодействуя с разработчиками на нашей стороне и стороне клиента. — Работать в тесном сотрудничестве с заказчиком, отстаивать и предлагать свои решения и улучшения.
— Experience in setup of test automation process from scratch; — Strong research, troubleshooting and documentation skills; — Experience with Web based testing applications; — Experience with Agile development process; — Solid expertise in Java, Selenium, Selenide, Selenoid, REST-assured, TestNG/Junit, Maven, XPath/CSS locators; — Good understanding of RESTful API principles; — Version control system experience (Git); — Familiarity with Docker, Kubernetes; — Familiarity with CI tools (Jenkins); — Python would be a plus; — Strong organizational and time management skills; — Good interpersonal and team building skills; — English upper-intermediate.— Comfortable work environment; — Medical insurance included after trial period; — Lessons with native speaker included in workflow twice a week; — Friendly team; — Sandwich Fridays, fruit days and other perks.— Investigating and setting standards for automation; — Lead multiple Automation QA Engineers teams; — Support existing and develop new scripts; — Establishing testing strategy; — Code review; — Assessing projects’ risks; — Introduction, implementation and managing tools; — Preparing quality documentation and reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information and trends including failed processes, stability studies, recalls, corrective actions, and re-validations; — Participate in and facilitate Sprint planning, Retrospective and another Agile ceremony; — Mentoring QA engineers; — Determining training needs.
On behalf of Derivco Company, Ciklum is looking for a Senior Automation QA Engineer (C#) to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.Client details: Derivco is the dev house that provides Microgaming with their exceptional gaming content. They pride themselves on being at the forefront of industry innovation. These highly skilled teams of designers, developers, illustrators and animators love nothing more than working with the latest technology and having fun trying out new ideas. The software our Customer produces has enabled Microgaming to become one of the most trusted suppliers of online gaming in the world. They don’t just create software. They create entertainment experiences. Derivco Hong Kong www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kywWpYy58Q Family Day at Derivco Durban www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2UCbBhI-VgClient’s website: derivco.comResponsibilities • You will provide testing technical leadership in development and execution of automated testing for the customers cross-platform (iOS, Android, Windows, macOS) poker client and the backend services which support it. You will support team alignment with organizational initiatives and objectives, whilst safeguarding and growing product awareness of the poker product. • Additionally, you will work with client’s Test Managers, Team Leads, and the other agile team members to lead automation initiatives through the team.Requirements • Bachelor’s Degree, Diploma OR Equivalent • 5+ years testing experience with exposure to agile testing environments ISTQB Test Analyst/Manager or equivalent. • Extensive experience automating using WebDriver (Selenium), TypeScript/JavaScript and Ranorex, C# • Create and drive automation test strategy and assets. • Experience of working with version control systems (GIT) • Experience Integrating automated testing into CI process using TeamCity • Strong testing technical ability across multiple platforms (SQL, Web, Service and Mobile) • Good understanding and use of testing Processes and Techniques • Great Mentoring/Coaching ability • Experience with test analysis, preparation and planning • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types Automation • Embracing change in a dynamic agile environment • The ability to foresee and create improvements to existing testing procedures as needed.Personal skills • The ability to work independently and collaboratively with the team. • Integrity, adaptability and excellent communication skills. • A passion for lifelong learning and exceptional problems solving skills. • A driven person with good time management and great attention to detail, combined with the ability to deal with ambiguity and drive solutions, independently or collaboratively.What’s in it for you? • You will also be working closely with other customer’s development and IT teams located in Durban — South Africa, Douglas — Isle of Mann and Tallinn — Estonia. Derivco needs your help in mentoring and coaching more junior automation engineers. • Although our client has a large system, existing standards and well-defined processes, they are always looking for new approaches to take advantage of and are always keen to embrace change! They embrace innovation in everything they do (and hand out some pretty cool prizes for it as well). • Derivco are convinced that they employ some of the smartest people in the business, so if you like being challenged and feel that you could contribute, they look forward to hearing from you!About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
Requirements: ● 1+years of testing experience with implemented functionality (regression, functional, stress); ● Experience in testing software applications or BS/MS degree in radioengineering(or similar); ● Experience with any bug tracking tool ● QA automation basic experienceWould be a plus: — Experience with desktop software testingBenefits: — Work in stably growing product company — Wide stack of technologies gives you opportunities to improve and extend your skills — Fulltime employment — Attractive salary — Friendly teamRoles & Responsibilities: — Manual testing of quickly growing client-server application (related to data storage) — Research new technologies and tap that new knowledge into the existing process. — Work closely with development team to design and implement test tools and infrastructure — Write test plans and create test cases
We are looking for an experienced and open-minded QA Engineer with background in mobile application testing. Our cross platform apps family is constantly expanding and you will make sure that testing of Ring mobile applications runs smoothly. We hope you will be as cool as Gandalf and every single bug shall not pass!— At least 2+ years of hands-on experience in manual testing — Experience in testing mobile applications (Android, IOS) using Xcode/Android Studio, as well as traffic sniffing tools (e.g.: Charles) — Knowledge of testing methodologies — Good understanding of UX/UI principles — Experience with Crashlytics or similar services — Experience with mobile emulators — Experience with bug tracking systems — Experience in writing test documentation — Familiarity with GitFlow — Good written/spoken English — Ability to work in a fast-paced work environment in a rapidly growing company— Working for one of the top product companies in the world: Ring.com — Opportunity to influence the products quality — Challenging tasks — Salary above the market offer — PE accounting and support — Unlimited vacation policy — Fully equipped A-class office space in a business center (near “Olimpiyska” subway station) — Social package, including gym membership compensation, medical insurance — Free meals, fruits and sweets — Educational possibilities, knowledge hub and free English classes — Career plan, professional growth and quarterly performance reviews
We are a hardcore research and product development company hungry to build the next generation of smart home security products. Our research organization is focused on applying AI, machine learning, computer vision and intellectual data analysis technology for Ring products. Our product teams cover all aspects of SW development and QA of Ring products and solutions. We are in charge of firmware, hardware, mobile applications and backend development. Our deliverables should meet highest quality standards because Ring products are used by millions of customers around the world.You will work on test automation and analytics framework for Ring devices. Activities include, but do not limited to:— Test-framework development (python 3.6) — Development of new test cases for firmware (Ring cameras and doorbells) — Development of NFT test system— Strong Python (and/or C++) knowledge — Strong CS fundamentals (data-structures, algorithms, design patterns, etc.) — Other scripting languages experience (bash, shell, JS, Perl, Ruby etc.) is an asset — Experience in writing development support tools such as parsers, profilers, automated testing, frameworks etc. — Understanding the DevOps and CI tools — Understanding the test pyramid — English communication skills (speak, read, write)— Experience with python anaconda stack — Experience with noSQL databases — Networking and video streaming knowledge — Experience in embedded SW development— Working for one of the top product companies in the world: Ring.com — Opportunity to influence the products quality — Challenging tasks — Competitive salary — PE accounting and support — 18 paid vacation days per year — Fully equipped A-class office space in the business center (near “Olimpiyska” subway station) — Social package, including gym membership compensation, medical insurance — Free meals, fruits and sweets — Educational possibilities, knowledge hub and free English classes — Career plan, professional growth and quarterly performance reviews
— Solid knowledge in QA theory and processes (SDLC) — Ability to work with distributed team — Basic understanding of client-server architecture — Experience in mobile testing — Experience in API testing — Page Object pattern — Experience with Test Management Systems — English (intermediate)Automation tech stack— Python 3 — pytest framework — Requests lib (for API automation) — Appium (for UI automation) — Allure reporting— basic understanding in CI/CD systems (Jenkins\GitLab)Grow yourself— Ability to develop and assemble a team for your idea. Join BIGUDI — Formula 1 — dedicated program for employees who want to develop managerial skills — Attendance of professional conferences both as participant and speaker — Employee development and training programs (Soft Skills & Hard Skills Club) — English language classes & Speaking ClubHave fun— Work out machines and other sports equipment in every office — Event4you program — 50% of the leisure time costs of your team are paid by the company — Musical instruments, board games, darts, table football & tennis, barbeque and recreation areas in each office — Free corporate bicycles — Great variety of drinks and snacks, ice cream, and fruit in the office kitchen areaNice to have— Medical insurance for all employees and corporate doctor at the office — Сompany travel manager assistance in travel — Pleasant surprises for newcomers and employees who passed the trial period — Corporate discounts in cafes near the office — Baby birth and wedding bonus — On-site parking lot — Lawyer consultations — Comfortable working place
2+ years professional experience in QA area; Knowledge of SQL queries (Oracle or MSSQL); Understanding of HTML/CSS/JS or JQuery; Excellent knowledge of bug life cycle; Excellent Jira skills; Strong understanding of Agile/Scrum and other iterative methodologies; Intermediate English communication skills; Understanding of test design techniques; Service and teamwork orientation; BS+ in Computer science or relevant.Understanding of REST APIs, SoapUI, XML; Understanding of programming languages (PHP, Java or Python); Experience with web automation tools (e.g. Selenium Webdriver);Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Comfortable working environment; Flexible working hours; Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills; Low bureaucracy, European management style; In-house English training; In-house gym for sport activities; Reward for sport activities; Annual paid vacation; Paid sick leaves.Requirements analysis and processing; Test cases/checklists and other types of test doсumentation creation; Estimate the required testing time; Functional and regression tests on web projects; Perform testing activities on one big or several small projects, communicate with developers and project managers; Test Summary reports preparation.
Requirements: • Minimum 4 years of experience in Quality Assurance and Testing • Hands on experience with Linux/UNIX and Java systems • Performance testing (JMeter is a big plus) • Automated testing (Selenium + TestNG) • Continuous Integration tools (TeamCity is a big plus) • Leading teams (at least 2 years) • Excellent English • ProactiveResponsibilities: • Play a key role in QA team • Participate in manual/automation test development and execution • Report test results periodically and provide clarity and transparency in all the deliverables • Review and improve existing QA process • Collaborate closely with the software development, QA, project management and business teamsWhy Form.com? • Convenient location (city center, few minutes from a subway station) • An open-minded team that is always ready to help • Adequate leadership that sets goals and judges by results • Opportunities for growthAbout us: We are the global leader in data collection and business process optimization software — Form.com. Whether it’s streamlining data capture, automating form-driven operations, or dramatically improving data analysis, we deliver unique cloud-based solutions configured to the specific enterprise needs. Since beginning operations in 2002, we became the premier solutions provider and a strategic technology partner for many of the world’s largest enterprises.
• Minimum 2 years of commercial experience • Understanding of full Quality Assurance life cycle, testing methodologies, and test automation • Being familiar with Agile/SCRUM principles • Verbal and written communication in English (Upper-Intermediate level and above)Technology Stack: • NodeJS + Npm as the package manager for JavaScript • Protractor as the end-to-end test framework • Jasmine as the tool for running automated tests • Github or bitbucket • Page object pattern• Challenging and interesting projects for Fortune 500 companies • Competitive salary & bonus system • A truly flexible working schedule • Your personal Career Advisor & individual career map • Certification center and language school • Medical insurance • Social package • SoftServe discount program • Fully equipped gyms and relax zones • Unforgettable in-company events, corporate presents and even more
Опыт коммерческой работы в роли тестировщика не менее 2-х лет; Опыт автоматизированного и регрессионного тестирования: JavaScript, BDD, xpath, WebDriver, CucumberJS (желательно); Знание систем контроля версий (SVN, Git и т.д.); Умение углубленного исследования проблемы (чтение логов, SQL, Fiddler, IIS, Redis и т.д.); Отличное знание методологии тестирования; Понимание принципов работы Web приложений; Хорошее знание часто используемых инструментов тестирования; Внимательность к деталям; Умение работать в команде.Опыт проведения нагрузочного тестированияДостойную и своевременную выплату заработной платы; Интересные задачи, которые дадут Вам возможность развивать и совершенствовать Ваш потенциал; Удобный график; Работа в дружном коллективе; Новый офис в стиле Loft- design и пешей доступности от станции метро Тараса Шевченка (Кирилловская 82); Вкусный кофе, печеньки; Занятия по английскому языку за счет компании.Выполнение задач тестирования; Разработка и ведение тестовой документации; Анализ тестового покрытия и рекомендации по совершенствованию.
Requirements:Experience in QA / Game Testing at least 6 months; Excellent English, written and spoken; Excellent communication skills; General knowledge of PC & Windows functionality; ‘Outside of the box’ thinking; Independent and self-starting; Objectivity and the ability to take important decisions on a short term-basis.What we offer:— Access to cutting-edge hardware; — Experience using hottest internally developed game engines; — Proficient and fun-to-work-with colleagues; — Medical / Life insurance; — English / French courses.Job responsibilities:Work with application specific test-cases; Find issues on a designated application and submit them into the bug database; Check issues in order to see if they are still occurring once fixes have been implemented; Have a very good ability to detail and observe application behavior; Be able to differentiate between game specific issues (fixed by game teams) and application specific issues (fixed by Developers); Be able to work under pressure and provide accurate results; Be enthusiastic about application and about influencing the game experience for millions of Ubisoft customers; Deliver status reports to the QC Coordinator/Assistant/Dev Team on a regular basis as well as on-demand; Provide feedback and workarounds for issues found by the customers regarding the application.
● Знание английского на уровне Intermediate и выше; ● базовые знания по теории тестирования; ● хорошо развитое логическое мышление; ● технический склад ума; ● огромное желание учиться и высокая обучаемость.● базовые знания по SQL; ● базовые знания по Java;В ХОДЕ ПРАКТИКИ ТЫ: ● приобретешь практические навыки по основам тестирования ПО; ● пройдешь курс по SQL; ● овладеешь терминологией, используемой в IT-сфере; ● познакомишься с методологией разработки SCRUM на практике; ● научишься разбивать программный продукт на функционалы; ● научишься работать с проектной документацией; ● научишься верно оформлять баг-репорты и использовать одну из часто используемых багтрекинговых систем; ● попробуешь себя в качестве тестировщика на реальном приложении.А ТАКЖЕ: ● увидишь IT «кухню» изнутри; ● почувствуешь себя в роли Junior-тестировщика и немного прикоснешься на практике к задачам и ответственности Senior-тестировщика; ● в будущем тебя ждут: работа над интересными проектами, профессиональный рост, удобный офис в центре Харькова и легендарные корпоративы.КАК ПОПАСТЬ НА ПРАКТИКУ: ● необходимо заполнить резюме на нашем сайте; ● пройти тестирование у нас в офисе; ● пройти собеседование и получить положительный результат.СХЕМА ПРАКТИКИ: ● продолжительность практики 2 месяца; ● формат — очное обучение 40 часов в неделю в офисе компании; ● индивидуальные занятия с ментором.
КАКИЕ ТРЕБОВАНИЯ МЫ ВЫДВИГАЕМ К СОИСКАТЕЛЯМ:практический опыт администрирования систем Linux/UNIX и Windows; опыт работы с web-серверами (Apache, nginx), развертывания и переноса web-сайтов; опыт работы с почтовыми системами Linux; опыт работы с MySQL; знание bash/shell, PHP, PERL или Python будет плюсом; обязательное умение читать мануалы и находить информацию в сети; терпимость к типичному пользователю; чувство юмора.УСЛОВИЯ РАБОТЫ:работа в одной из крупнейших компаний отрасли, прекрасный коллектив с отзывчивыми лидами и опытными коллегами, администрирование крупных многоуровневых Linux и Windows систем, проекты для заказчиков с мировым именем, работа с самыми разнообразными системами и направлениями, всестороннее развитие и повышение уровня знаний, удобный офис и легендарные корпоративы.КРУГ ТВОИХ ОБЯЗАННОСТЕЙ БУДЕТ ВКЛЮЧАТЬ:удаленную настройку Linux и Windows-серверов, перенос и разворот web и почтовых систем, работа с командами разработчиков по развертыванию новых web-сайтов, обеспечение бесперебойной работы критических (mission-critical) серверов, автоматизацию работы серверов.
• основы работы в командной строке Uniх; • знакомство со скриптовыми языками программирования (например — awk, bat, bash); • уровень английского Intermediate и выше.• знакомство с SQL; • опыт работы в QA; • опыт работы в Visual Studio; • базовые знания С++;• отличные возможности и перспективы профессионального роста; • достойный уровень вознаграждения; • премии за отличные результаты работы; • удобный офис в центре Харькова и легендарные корпоративы.• проверка обработанных данных на соответствие документации; • поддержка и обновление существующих скриптов; • обеспечение качества продукта и его улучшение.
Аналитический склад ума и способность быстро обрабатывать информацию; Умение работать с основными понятиями и запросами баз данных.Достойную и своевременную выплату заработной платы; Интересные задачи, которые дадут Вам возможность развивать и совершенствовать Ваш потенциал; Удобный график; Работа в дружном коллективе; Новый офис в стиле Loft- design и пешей доступности от станции метро Тараса Шевченка (Кирилловская 82); Вкусный кофе, печеньки; Занятия по английскому языку за счет компании.Установка, настройка и обновление программных продуктов «1С»;Всестороннее тестирование разработанного функционала и релизов в целом;Консультирование зарегистрированных пользователей по техническим вопросам использования программного продукта;Настройка архивирования баз данных и обмена между «Клиент-Банк» и «1С: Предприятие»;Поиск механизмов, требующих доработок;Написание инструкций, обучение и поддержка пользователей по новому и существующему функционалу;Участие в написании технических заданий;Создание отчетности с использованием СКД.
Степень магистра технического ВУЗа (предпочтительно информатика) или другое высшее техническое образование (информатика); Опыт коммерческой работы в роли тестировщика не менее 3 лет, исключая курсы и фриланс; Опыт написания автотестов от 1 года, исключая курсы и фриланс (Java/Selenium/Selenide); Хорошие знания SQL; Отличное знание методологии тестирования; Хорошее знание часто используемых инструментов тестирования Опыт работы в проектах Scrum от 1 года; Открытая, ориентированная на команды и коммуникативная личность.Опыт API тестирования; Опыт нагрузочного тестирования; Сертификация ISTQB Foundation Level.Достойную и своевременную выплата заработной платы; Интересные задачи, которые дадут Вам возможность развивать и совершенствовать Ваш потенциал; Удобный график; Работа в дружном коллективе; Новый офис в стиле Loft- design и пешей доступности от станции метро Тараса Шевченка (Кирилловская 82); Вкусный кофе, печеньки,занятия по английскому языку, рисованию за счет компании.Обзор и анализ бизнес-требований и / или пользовательских историй; Создание планов тестирования; Проведение оценки тестовых активностей и подходов; Оценка рисков для тестируемых компонентов; Разработка и выполнение ручных и автоматизированных тестов для программных приложений и интерфейсов (Mobile/Web); Оптимизация различных тестовых действий, включая автоматизацию тестирования; Управление дефектами, тестовыми средами и соответствующими тестовыми данными; Создание отчетов о выполнении тестирования в соответствии со стандартными показателями.
We are seeking YOU in case you have: Obligatory: • English skills: Upper Intermediate • Theoretical knowledge of main test design techniques • Good knowledge of bug reporting and bug life cycle • Experience in creating checklists and test cases • Ability to work in a fast pace environment that requires frequent shift in areas of focusPersonal qualities: • Great attention to detail and result driven approach • Good analytical skills • Good team player, self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented personWould be a plus: •ISTQB certificationWhile applying to this position please add motivation letter answering on following questions: • Short information about personality • Why have you chosen QA craft and what motivates you in this job? • Share the case from your experience where you have successfully solved any engineering problem?Why joining us: • Team of strong IT professionals working in a dynamic environment • Career growth opportunity • Perspective to create complex and useful product from scratch using cutting edge technologies and modern development approaches • Big amount of knowledge-sharing practices and sessions • Centrally located office near metro station with great view from our terrace • Competitive salary, reasonable and fair working conditions, flexible scheduleYou will be responsible for: • Working in Quality Control team reporting directly to Israeli office • Cooperating with software delivery teams in Kyiv • Validating websites (desktop and mobile) • Participating in Requirements and Release management process elaboration • Developing and executing test cases, scripts, plans and procedures • Reporting and documenting bugs and technical issues • Helping in troubleshooting issues
Good understanding of methodologies and principles of testing Basic understanding of programming and desire to learn test automation Ability to quickly understand complex ideas Good communication skills: you can explain complex issues in simple terms Good problem solving skills Understanding of how web applications work Agile development lifecycle knowledge At least Intermediate EnglishFamiliarity with CRMs, livechats and/or customer communication tools (Salesforce, Blackbaud, Intercom, Zendesk etc.) Basics of HTMS/CSS/JS Understanding of how REST API and single page applications work Basic ISTQB would be greatGreat opportunities for career growth Work with well-motivated fast-and-furious team Full coverage of all your PE tax expenses Full compensation of your expenses on: — medical insurance — English classes — 24 days of vacation Fun events with your team Opportunity to take part in a product decision-making processManual acceptance testing Bug hunting Help our product and engineering team continue to deliver new features Test issues reported by customers and follow them up when the bug is fixed Learning, supporting and improving our test automation
On behalf of Addison Global, Ciklum is looking for Senior Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) to join Malaga team on a full-time basis.Addison Global Limited is a new online gambling company based in Gibraltar building the best of breed mobile sports betting and gaming experience. We are attracting extraordinary and passionate people to build and scale our fast-growing company, by working in a fast-paced and inspirational environment.You’ll be supervising and developing complex iOS, Android and Web UI, API, CI, and environmental systems automation tests and frameworks. You will be expected to take a proactive role in recommending quality improvements to automation requirements, facilitating automation development, effective automation execution, and assist in the development and implementation of new automation technologies.As part of our culture, we embrace collaboration and contribution as key factors for success and we believe work should be both fun and challenging. Don’t be afraid if you don’t have experience on a specific topic or technology, we’re continuously learning and helping each other develop their skills!Responsibilities: • Contribute to the development and enhancement of automation frameworks • Develop iOS, Android and Web UI test automation scenarios and code using tools such as, but not limited to, Appium, Selenium, Cucumber, Java, DSL or Detox. • Develop API test automation and tools using Java • Develop, maintain, and execute automated test scripts maximising reuse of test assets • Participate in analysis on whether features or functions should be automated • Create and manufacture test data needed for execution or database population • Perform exploratory testing in cases where automation is not feasible • Develop performance testing scripts using Gatling / JMeter • Communicate effectively and continuously with QA, Development and Business team members within an agile / SCRUM team environment • Monitor, consolidate, analyse, debug, and communicate automation test results • Provide vision and direction to the evolution of organisation wide automation strategy • Participate in technology selection process and proof of concept models for new technologies • Mentor SDET team members encouraging peer review and up-skilling • Define coding and design standards and provide suggestions on improvements • Drive the continual maintenance of code base and refactoring • Perform in automation testing will be 70%   Requirements: • Good experience in Object Oriented development languages (e.g. Java, C#) • Familiar in use of tools such as Appium, Selenium or Cucumber. • Experience developing test automation (integration, functional and end-to-end) • Experience of automating testing of APIs, messaging and database verification • Solid experience working as a hands-on team player in an agile development environment • Familiar with concepts of BDD / TDD with a focus on assuring quality • Strong attention to detail both in programming and test design and execution • Familiar with version control systems such as Git, Subversion etc. • Team player with a constructive attitude • Driven and focused individual • Passionate about learning and problem solving • Experience in applying algorithms and design patterns to solve complex problems • A track record as a contributor providing support with tools development and automation • Demonstrated collaboration on project teams and interaction with project managers, business and functional analysts, developers and the business community directly related to quality assurance responsibilities and roles • Demonstrate understanding of test management processes and manual and automated test execution • Demonstrate knowledge using version control and defect tracking methods, including an understanding of associated tools/software (TestRail, Bugzilla, Jira, or similar)Desirable Skills: • Experience of testing cross-platform mobile Redux / React / React Native frameworks • Experience of coding custom DSL test languages • Familiarity with microservices, event sourcing and CQRS • Experience of performance testing using e.g. JMeter / Gatling and any Scala experience highly desirable • Experience of development within a Mac OS / Linux environment • Working knowledge of SQL or NoSQL databases • Jenkins, Bamboo or TeamCity CI knowledgeWhat’s in it for you? • Work in an environment made by people who want to drive technology and not to follow • Your opinion matters • Great team • Great place to make products customers love • State of the art, cool, centrally located office with warm atmosphere which creates good working conditions • Training available for key skills and specialisations • Competitive salaryAbout Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
Zfort Group is looking for QA Engineer to join our Dev-team.Knowledge of:— Writing test plans and testing documentation; — Advanced knowledge of testing approaches, techniques and methodologies; — Strong knowledge of concepts, activities and deliverables in software testing; — Web development technologies; — Scrum principles.Experience in:— Manual testing of web applications at least 3 years; — Experience with PHP projects; — Experience working in Unix/Linux; — Using issue tracking system (JIRA).Nice to have:— Understanding of API testing; — Experience in white box testing; — Experience in CI systems setup and configuration.Personal:— Open-minded; — Responsible; — Good communication skills; — Good sense of humor; — English: Intermediate.Want to learn more? Please send CV job@zfort.com :)
We are looking for proactive, highly motivated and talented QA Engineer who would like to become the part of the great team that works on a global leader in precision agriculture and independent data management solutions● 2+ years of experience as a Software Quality Assurance ● Good skills with functional and integration testing web applications ● Excellent understanding and experience with test design ● Experience in interaction with business analysis and gathering/clarification of business requirements ● Excellent presentation and communications skills combined with the ability to work in a team environment ● Intermediate+ English● Understanding and experience with API testing ● Java automation experience● Good compensation package, highest salaries on market ● Interesting projects and challenging tasks ● Comfortable work schedule ● Zero bureaucracy ● Friendly team with great corporate culture and mentorship (visit us and see it yourself) ● US democratic management style ● Opportunities for self-realization, professional and career growth ● Corporate events and activities ● Professional seminars and training, professional studying● Identifying and resolving software inconsistencies, ambiguities and defects during the design and implementation phase of software development ● Pick up ongoing implemented development tasks and perform test design/creation/execution ● Clarifying all ongoing questions with development/management/support/etc. ● Carrying out root cause analysis on defects to ensure fixes are implemented correctly ● Contributing to the planning process to establish tasks and forecasts for work to be performed ● Help with identification and clarification product requirements
— 2+ years of experience as an Automation Tester; — Good understanding of and experience in Ruby programming language; — Good understanding of testing methodologies; — Experience in automating user-acceptance tests; — Experience in REST testing; — Experience in work with Git; — Experience in work with Cucumber, Capybara, Site Prism; — Experience with Selenium Webdriver — Understanding of BDD (Behaviour Driven Development) — Experience with Gherkin — Intermediate English— Analysis of testing areas in OSS/BSS which are subject to automation — Automation of functional testing — development and support of test scripts — Execution of automated tests and defect tracking — Reporting on test execution (regular progress reports, final summary reports) and defect reports — Participation in defining test strategy and test planning, test-related risks identification and mitigation activities; proposals for test automation — Participation and assistance in Performance Testing Requirements.
• Minimum 2 years experience in a QA Engineering position in a fast-paced agile environment • Excellent understanding and experience with test design • Experience in interaction with business analysis and gathering/clarification of business requirements • Understanding and experience with API testing • Database work experience (SQL, MySQL, Postgres etc) • Excellent verbal and written communication skills• BA experience • Experience with CI systems • Experience with Load Runner and HP ALM • Experience in test automation• Good compensation package, highest salaries on market • Interesting projects and challenging tasks • Comfortable work schedule • Zero bureaucracy • Friendly team with great corporate culture and mentorship (visit us and see it yourself) • US democratic management style • Business trips to USA • Opportunities for self-realization, professional and career growth • Corporate events and activities • Professional seminars and training, professional studying• Create and execute manual test scripts and accurately record the results • Document and maintain a database of known software defects • Review technical documentation • Set up and configure test environments • Test web and desktop based applications on multiple platforms • Perform various kinds of testing such as front-end, back-end, user acceptance, ad hoc, regression, functional, etc. • Work closely with Development and Support teams • Perform software QA for functionality, usefulness, human interaction, appearance, consistency and performance
The Role: We are looking for a Junior QA Engineer who will be end-responsible for the quality of our new Dashboard. You will work closely with collaborative highly talented developer group to create a global leading mobile advertising platform. The ideal candidate has a good focus on detail while understanding business priorities of delivering releases on time.Key Skills & Experience:: • 6 months+ experience in QA • Experience with tools for debugging web applications (Firebug, sniffers, etc) • Ability to analyze and diagnose issues and application logs • General knowledge of QA process in an Agile development processAbout You: • Good sense of humor • Proactive attitude towards improving processes and finding new solutions to challenging business problems • Strong self-motivation, reliable and flexible team-player • High attention to detail, ability to remain focused under pressureBonus Qualifications: • Experience with PostgreSQL, MySQL or Oracle • Experience with any bug tracking system (Jira, Bugzilla, etc.)Benefits: • Competitive compensation package • A transparent work environment • Working in a team that inspires, and works with you to achieve industry changing goalsKey Responsibilities: • Responsible for QA sign off on new product releases • Ensure high-quality product code releases • Work closely with the design, product and engineering teams to reach product QA signoff on schedule • Write and execute test cases, test scenarios for the product and its features from the product specifications • Provide daily status updates on the QA cycle for a product release/sprint • Ensure the product team is aware of defects that need to be addressed and maintain an in-depth understanding of the issues in the bug database • Smoke testing for new code deployments in a production environment • Executing daily regression test-suite
• розуміння тестової методології, знання інструментів тестування • володіння інструментами для роботи з реляційними базами даних SQL / (Oracle буде +) такими як Toad, PL SQL Developer • знання систем: Windows, Linux (бажано) • базові навики роботи з операційними системами Linux / Unix, знання основних команд для роботи в командній оболонці • практичний досвід роботи з SCRUM методологією • комунікабельність та мотивація до роботи • освіта: бакалавр, спеціаліст, магістр • рівень англійської мови — середній, для розуміння документаціїзагальне знання банківських продуктів та технології проведення банківських операцій (було б не погано)• багато систем та ПЗ, тому це не проектна робота, ми гарантуємо завжди можливості для розвитку та стабільну роботу • класний менторінг від досвідчених спеціалістів • завжди нові виклики та зони розвитку • працюмо офіційно, а це відпустка, лікарняні (повний соц пакет)• аналіз, документування та перетестування виявлених дефектів з метою створення тестових сценаріїв (test cases) • виконання функціонального, компонентного та системного тестування • здійснення документального оформлення результатів проведеного тестування, згідно визначених форм • вміння створювати тестову стратегію • розробка та запуск ручних тестів
On behalf of Testing Center of Excellence, Ciklum is looking for a Middle QA Automation Engineer with JavaScript experience to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.We are a growing business unit of Ciklum with currently 130 employees, specializing in Software quality assurance. Currently we are dealing with approximately 60 projects simultaneously. Our projects usually last for 6-12 months and our technological focus is mainly on web and mobile technologies. So, you’ll have the opportunity to get frequently in touch with new projects, processes, approaches, technologies, and tools. Through direct knowledge exchange with international clients you are an important contributor in making them successful. Our environment gives you the opportunity to share your professionalism to help team members grow and we support you with training and education in the areas where you want to develop.Testing Center of Excellence is looking for technology experts who want to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership.Responsibilities: • Participation in development of test automation framework architecture • Automation of regression and other functional testing on Web/Mobile projects • Building and maintaining automated testing frameworks. • Integrating automated testing into CI process. • Test case adjustments for automated testing needs. • Test data and test environment preparations. • Making conclusion and reporting about stability of the product under test. • Possibility to perform testing activities on several projects, communicate with developers and project managersRequirements: • 3+ years of professional experience in QA Automation of Web products via selenium (webdriver)/ Protractor and supportive frameworks • Solid skills in JavaScript • Experience in creation of automation frameworks from scratch • Experience with implementation of automated testing for project and system • Experience with Continuous Integration processes and tools (Jenkins, teamcity etc) • Experience of working with version control systems (e.g. GIT, SVN and others) • In-depth knowledge of test automation approaches and procedures • Good experience with API level testing • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types • Understanding of Agile/Scrum • Master’s or Bachelor’s degree in Computer science or relevant • Good English skills — Intermediate and abovePersonal skills: • Good analytical skills • Good team player, motivated to develop and solve complex tasks • Strong communication and problem solving skills • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented • Strong attention to details and accuracyDesirable: • Experience with Mobile automation • Knowledge of programming languages, such as Java/Python would be a great plus. • Experience with MochaJS, Jasmine would be a great plus • Some experience with cloud-based automation solutions like Saucelabs, Browserstack • Good Knowledge of SQLWhat’s in it for you? • Very close cooperation with different clients • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Dynamic and challenging tasks. • Ability to influence project technologies. • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills. • Low bureaucracy, European management style. • Continuous self-improvement. • Trainings • ISTQB/JAVA8 Certification preparation • Knowledge sharing meetingsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain.As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team! Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
At least 1+ year of experience of Quality Assurance experience in IT; Intermediate Strong English level; Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes; Clear, concise and comprehensive understanding of bug reports, test plans and test cases; White box and black box testing; Delivery of high quality tested improvements/bugs.Willingness to learn Automation; User experience in Android/iOS; Aviation is our passion! If you share it don’t hesitate to apply!Great motivated Team; Comfortable office near Lviv city center; Paid vacation and sickness leave; Lunch and coffee/tea provided free by the company; 40 working hours per week (Monday-Friday, 8 hours per day with flexible scheduling); Very competitive salary opportunities; Corporate events and celebrations.Review requirements specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback; Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases (TestLodge, Assembla); Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities; Design, develop and execute test scenarios; Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs; Perform through regression testing, functional testing, API testing; Communicate with Development Team, Data Team, SCRUM Master; Attend all required meeting due to SCRUM process.
We are looking for proactive, highly motivated and talented QA Engineer who would like to become the part of the great team that works on a global leader in precision agriculture and independent data management solutions● 2+ years of experience as a Software Quality Assurance ● Good skills with functional and integration testing of both web and native applications ● Excellent understanding and experience with test design ● Experience in interaction with business analysis and gathering/clarification of business requirements ● Excellent presentation and communications skills combined with the ability to work in a team environment ● Intermediate+ English● Understanding and experience with API testing ● BA experience● Good compensation package, highest salaries on market ● Interesting projects and challenging tasks ● Comfortable work schedule ● Zero bureaucracy ● Friendly team with great corporate culture and mentorship (visit us and see it yourself) ● US democratic management style ● Opportunities for self-realization, professional and career growth ● Corporate events and activities ● Professional seminars and training, professional studying● Identifying and resolving software inconsistencies, ambiguities and defects during the design and implementation phase of software development ● Pick up ongoing implemented development tasks and perform test design/creation/execution ● Clarifying all ongoing questions with development/management/support/etc. ● Carrying out root cause analysis on defects to ensure fixes are implemented correctly ● Contributing to the planning process to establish tasks and forecasts for work to be performed ● Help with identification and clarification product requirements
Requirements: — Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience — At least 4+ years experience in QA — At least 2+ year experience in QA automation (GUI, Api, Performance and load testing, supportive frameworks) — Solid skills in Java and OOP. Experience with SQL, Restful APIs, CSS, HTML — Knowledge of SDLC, TDD, BDD and CI (such as Jenkins, Teamcity) — Strong knowledge of automation tools such as Wed driver, RobotFramework, Jmeter, Junit, TestNG etc. — Experience of working with version control systems: e.g. GIT, SVN and others — Knowledge of Unix/Linux — Good English skills(Intermediate and above)Will be a plus: — Experience with Test Automation for Mobile — Experience testing of microservice architectures — Experience in building frameworks and deploying it in cloud servicesWith us you can:Develop your technical knowledge: — Use latest technologies for work — Participate in technical events and conferences — Take part in regular techtalks and work on your professional developmentImprove your soft skills: — Build strong teamwork skills and become an essential part of the dynamic teams — Improve your English at classes and by speaking directly with clientsWhat else do we offer? — Competitive compensation and benefits — Flexible and negotiable working schedule — Nice and comfortable office located near metro station — Paid vacation (20 work days) — Free corporate English classes — English speaking club with native speaker — Break area with Xbox, air hockey, ping-pong and table soccer — Truly friendly atmosphere — Unforgettable corporate events and holidays celebrations — Bookcrossing — Basketball and ping-pong teams — Discounts offered by corporate bonus cards (our partners are coffee shops, bars, and fitness centers)Responsibilities: — Design, develop and implement automation frameworks and tests — Take a part in test plan creation for the new features — Develop automatic tests together with the QA engineers and developers — Be responsible of procedures for the CI/CD process — Maintain test data & test environments — Possibility to perform testing activities on several projects, communicate with developers and project managers
— знание и четкое понимание теории и этапов процесса тестирования и разработки ПО — понимание клиент-серверной архитектуры, работы баз данных — опыт в написании тестовой документации — опыт в тестировании веб-приложений и мобильных приложений (iOS, Android) — опыт работы с багтрэкинговой системой Jira — базовые знания Javascript / HTML / CSS — english pre-intermediate• вдохновляющие, интересные проекты и задачи • возможность принимать участие в организации процесса • молодая команда с единой целью, дружественной атмосферой и веселыми корпоративами =) • лояльный график работы • корпоративный английский, поддержка в обучении и саморазвитии • офис рядом с парком, набережной и столовой
В нашей команде QA Lead сначала разбирается в том, по каким критериям осуществлять оценку, составляет тест-кейсы, план тестирования и делает всё, чтобы приёмочное тестирование прошло на отлично, с первого раза. Что из скилов потребуется:-Опыт тестирования программного обеспечения от 3 лет; -Аналитический склад ума; -Знание методологий тестирования и разработки ПО; -Опыт разработки тест-планов, тест-кейсов; -Навыки Ad hoc тестирования; -Опыт работы с баг-трекинг системами. -Опыт тестирования Web; -Опыт тестирования мобильных приложений; -Опыт автоматизации тестирования; -Опыт нефункционального тестирования; -Усидчивость, внимательность, ответственность, ориентация на результат.-Гибкий график; -Молодая дружная команда профессионалов; -Несколько маршрутов корпоративной развозки; -Модный лофт с деревянным столом и красивым Macbook; -Оплата профильных курсов и конференций.-Функциональное (ручное и автоматизированное) тестирование клиент-серверных приложений (iOS, Android, Web); -Разработка тестовой документации (составление и актуализация тест-планов, тест-кейсов); -Заведение, отслеживание и поддержка дефектов ПО; -Взаимодействие с командами разработчиков, дизайнеров, бизнес-аналитиков; -Составление отчетов по результатам тестирования; -Участие в ревью требований и всех типов проектной документации.
• 3+ years QA experience • 2+ years test automation experience using Python • Proven experience in designing and developing test automation • Proven experience in manual testing of back-end systems • Experience with Unix / Linux • Excellent knowledge and experience in Web technologies (e.g.: DNS, REST, JSON) • Excellent in spoken and written English• Work in agile / scrum methodology • Network Management • Testing custom protocols, datasets, CLI tools
2+ experience in software testing 1+ experience in automation testing Java 8 knowledge Experience in testing backend APIs Experience in testing using Selenium/Selenide Experience in using testing frameworks (TestNG/JUnit 5) Experience with Git, CI ToolsKnowledge of Python/С# Experience with Docker Experience with Desktop app automation Familiarity with continuous integration/delivery processVery warm and friendly working environment Continuous professional competencies development and professional growth opportunities Free external and internal professional trainings and certifications Foreign languages learning in the company office (different levels of language skills; etc.) Ukrainian labor legislation guarantees 40-hours working week with flexible working hours Annual paid vacations (20 working days) Medical insurance and health protection programs Compensation of the transport expenses for candidates from other cities invited to our Kyiv office for an interview Corporate / team / special events Challenging work in international professional environment Starting from your first working day you will get free meals (three times a day — breakfast / dinner / supper) in the company restaurant Sport activities in our office gym with a personal coach (yoga, boxing, etc.)Development frameworks for automation testing Requirements analysis Research and assess new technologies and test tools Perform automated testing Automation optimization (failed analyzing, time spending, report system, running frequency, coverage) Design, write, execute, automate, maintain automated tests and frameworks
Obligatory: • English skills: Upper Intermediate • Good test design skills (know main test design techniques, can apply them on practice) • Experience in writing and supporting test documentation (bug reports, checklists, test cases, traceability matrixes) • Experience with creating SQL queries • Ability to work in a fast pace environment that requires frequent shift in areas of focus • Acquainted with Agile MethodologyWould be a plus: • ISTQB certificationWhy joining us: • Team of strong IT professionals working in a dynamic startup environment • Perspective to create complex and useful product from scratch using cutting edge technologies and modern development approaches • Big amount of knowledge-sharing, practices and sessions • Centrally located office near metro station with great view from our terrace • Competitive salary, reasonable and fair working conditions, flexible scheduleYou will be responsible for: • Working in Quality Control team reporting directly to Israeli office • Cooperating with software delivery teams in Kyiv • Validating websites (desktop and mobile) • Participating in Requirements and Release management process elaboration • Developing and executing test cases, scripts, plans and procedures • Reporting and documenting bugs and technical issues • Helping in troubleshooting issues
• 2+ years of work experience in QA • Good level of written and spoken English • Excellent oral and written communication skills • Good level of test design • Advanced knowledge of Agile software development lifecycle • Knowledge of testing methodologies • Understanding of JSON, XML • Good skills in web sites or/and mobile app testing • Experience in root cause analysis • A relentless passion for software quality• Experience in managing tasks and defects using Jira • Knowledge in developing test strategy and test plan • Understanding of risk evaluation and mitigation techniques • Thorough knowledge of QA best practices across the SDLC• Competitive salary with regular pay and yearly bonus • 24 days paid vacation and sick leave • Medical Insurance • Gym Membership • English courses • Opportunity to improve English skills by regular communication with native speakers• Develop test plan • Create and execute test cases • Review test cases • Report defects • Follow QA process • Report test results
— 6+ years of hands-on testing experience in Quality Assurance, 3+ years of experience leading a team; — Deep knowledge of best software quality assurance practices, concepts, test tools and proven experience of their successful implementation; — Have experience in software project management; — Solid experience developing and managing QA processes; — Experience with continuous Integration and continuous Delivery; — Experience using Jira and a proven track record in Agile Development; — Ability to manage multiple high-priority efforts in parallel without the quality of work suffering; — Excellent communication skills; — Strong leadership, analytical, organizational, problem-solving and decision-making skills.— Experience in betting industry.— Fully paid sick leaves and 20 working days paid vacation; — Great opportunity to take part in unique Ukrainian Sportsbook product development; — Team of passionate professionals with experience exchange; — Paid training sessions, conferences, professional library; — Team building events; — Paid sports activities/medical insurance; — Sandwiches, juices, cookies, fruits...— Work with Product and Development teams to identify test requirements and testing plan for features and applications; — Establish and evolve formal QA processes, ensuring that the team is using industry-accepted best practices; — Define QA policies, development of the QA strategy, methodology, discipline, and framework; — Checks the past records of production to review if the existing standards will continue to bring in more revenue; — Oversee all aspects of quality assurance including establishing metrics, applying industry best practices, and developing new tools and processes to ensure quality goals are met; — Act as key point of contact for all QA aspects of releases, providing QA services and coordinating QA resources internally and externally; — Lead and mentor QA team members; — Assist in the development of test plans to verify the functionality and performance of new features and apps; — Drive continuous process improvements for the QA team and the company QA processes.
REQUIREMENTS:— Experience 2+ years; — Experience with mobile, web and API testing; — Experience with Agile projects (SCRUM, Kanban); — Working knowledge of SQA methodologies and practices; — Excellent verbal and written communication skills; — Strong presentation skills; — Upper-intermediate English.WE OFFER:— Friendly and highly professional teams; — Competitive salary and compensation package; — Career and professional growth; — Regular (twice a year) performance reviews; — Paid English classes; — Casual Fridays, corporate events, birthday/wedding presents; — Comfortable office facilities (kitchen, coffee machines, massage room, different trainings etc.); — Clubs of interests (travel & bicycle club, symphony cuisine, music band, choir); — Sports activities (football team, yoga, fitness, stretching classes); — Low hierarchy and open communication; — The coolest office in Western Ukraine.RESPONSIBILITIES:Stories analysis and estimating, test documentation (test cases, checklists, release documentation) writing and review, web application testing using dev tools, communication with clients, stories demonstration
— Have 1+ years of experience as a testing/automation specialist — Know various testing methods (functional, load, etc.) — Like to analyze problem situations, find roots of the problem — Are understand how to automate the testing process and write APIs — Are using flexible development methodologies— Selenium — Javascript / Node.js Stack — Git (merge, —no-fast-forward, —set-upstream, cherry-pick, amend) — CI/CD — Relational database, PostgreSQL — UNIX shell— Work with an international team of professionals — Bonus tokens from company — Ability to implement all your knowledge and new ideas — Health insurance — Office in the center of Kyiv (near Zoloti Vorota station) — Competitive compensation— to work in close cooperation with developers, the product team, and designers — perform manual testing of tasks related to the UI — 80% of the working time — plan, create, update autotests to make your work more convenient
On behalf of ParagonEX company, Ciklum is looking for QA Automation Engineer to join Odessa team on full-time basis. ParagonEX is the provider of the most advanced CFD trading platform and performance driven Back-Office. The company has pioneered the next generation of comprehensive, added-value solutions for online brokers based on intimate industry experience and progressive technologies. We are looking for technology experts who want to make a positive influence on a new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership.Responsibilities: • Maintain and update existing automation testing solution for Android application; • Create, review and maintain automation testing solution for iOS application; • Design and perform manual tests for mobile applications (iOS and Android); • Maintain and create Jenkins jobs for automation solutions; • Cooperate with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements; • Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs using JIRA.Requirements: • 2+ years of QA experience (automation + manual); • Basic knowledge of C# and principles of OOP; • Knowledge of Selenium WebDriver (knowledge of Appium would be a plus); • Knowledge of modern automation solution patterns; • Deep understanding of testing theory; • Experience with Git; • Experience with CI/CT/CD solutions (Jenkins/TeamCity/TFS etc); • Basic knowledge of SQL; • Upper-intermediate English.Personal skills: • Good analytical skills; • Good team player, motivated to develop and solve complex tasks; • Strong communication and problem solving skills; • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented; • Strong attention to details and accuracy.What’s in it for you? • Unique opportunity to be a part of true Scrum team; • Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities; • Competitive salary; • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions.About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centers in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
EchoStar Ukraine is a wholly owned subsidiary of Dish Corporation (NASDAQ: Dish). Our mission is to develop software for a new generation of video streaming products for use in a wide variety of markets ranging from satellite television to home security systems.Description We are looking for a Automation QA (Python) who will join our development team in Kharkiv. The team is fully responsible for the further development and maintenance of a large Android application that is already in the field with over five million downloads in the Play Market and five hundred thousand active users. Application presented on iOS/Android/Web platforms.Job requirements for Metadata project:2+ years of experience in Automation Testing; Experience and knowledge of programming in Python; Experience of API testing; Knowledge and practical experience of test design techniques implementation; Experience in creation test cases and test reports; Experience with defect tracking tools (Pivotal Tracker, Rally, etc.); Experience with VCS (GIT); English spoken and written on the intermediate level or higher.Skill set: Functional and non-functional testing experience (smoke, regression) ; Experience in manual and automated testing; Understanding JSON data formats; Test development and debugging; Linux — user experience; Understanding of Agile/Scrum.Personal Qualities Flexible, adaptable approach and strong positive attitude within a global engineering team Strong team player with the ability to communicate clearly. Analytical and accurate. Demonstrate technical competence and ability to take responsibility for allocated tasks and only require occasional supervision.Nice to have Linux — user experience; Experience in UEX tasks; Experience utilizing agile software development process.We offer Individual development plan and technical/soft trainings, certificates. Competitive salary and regular review it based on technical skills. English classes. Paid swimming pool/gym as a part of social package.
Requirements: — General IT qualification and IT experience — Experience in testing 1 + year — Strong understanding of SDLC — Strong knowledge of different types of testing — Strong test cases creation experience — Strong knowledge of test documentation and cases when it should be used — Experience with Scrum-oriented team — SQL syntax understanding — Basics: HTTP, SQL, HTML, XML/JSON — Good spoken and written English (intermediate or higher).With us you can:Develop your technical knowledge: — Use latest technologies for work — Participate in technical events and conferences (the cost is covered by the company) — Regular techtalks and professional developmentImprove your soft skills: — Build strong teamwork skills and become an essential part of the dynamic teams — Improve your English at classes and speaking directly with clients — Increase your productivity and communication level via Scrum, Kanban, Agile methodologiesWhat else do we offer? — Competitive compensation and benefits — Flexible and negotiable working schedule — Nice and comfortable office located near metro station — Paid vacation (20 work days) — Free corporate English classes (we have 3 teachers in our team) — Break area with Xbox, air hoskey, ping-pong and table soccer — Truly friendly atmosphere and unforgettable corporate events — Bookcrossing — Basketball and ping-pong teams — Discounts offered by corporate bonus cards (our partners are coffee shops, bars, and fitness centers)Responsibilities: — Requirement analysis — Test design — Test execution — Cooperation with Project Manager and development team to resolve project issues — Reporting bugs to bug-tracking system — Analyzing crash logs and searching for issue scenarios.
* Знание основ тестирования; * Опыт тестирования мобильных приложений; * Английский на уровне достаточном для: чтения, составления отчетов о тестировании, взаимодействия с участниками проекта; * Внимательность, ответственность и усидчивость; * Умение работать с распространенными системами (Jira/Redmine)* Базовые знания автоматизации тестирования; * Базовое техническое образование;* Интересные проекты; * Оплачиваемый отпуск и больничные; * Удобный график работы; * Работа в международной команде и возможность командировок за границу;* Анализ спецификации; * Тестирование мобильных приложений iOS / Android / Web; * Составление отчетов о результатах тестирования; * Составление тест-планов; * Взаимодействие с командой заказчика;
On behalf of the Client, Ciklum is looking for an experienced Manual QA Engineer to provide first-class product quality for Web and mobile developer’s team.Client details: The Company’s is the world leader in enterprise applications in terms of software and software-related service revenue. Based on market capitalization, we are the world’s third largest independent software manufacturer.The Company has 404,000+ customers in more than 180 countries and 93,800+ employees in 130+ countries.The Company’s Connected Consumer Management Suite enables the world’s largest brands, including Pepsi, Verizon and ABC to understand and connect more closely with today’s mobile and socially connected consumers. Our technology helps businesses access, consolidate and manage permission-based identity and behaviour data, while providing deep customer insights that turn data into action.Through products like Social Login, Registration-as-a-Service, Social Plugins and Gamification, the Company provides clients with the rich data, intelligence, and tools needed to reach consumers with the right messages, on the right platforms at the right time.Requirements: • 2+ year experience of manual testing • Experience in gathering/clarifying of business requirements • Hands-on experience in testing WEB apps • Experience in test cases design, execution and reporting • Good knowledge of software testing ( integration, functional, regression) • Ability to work in a fast-paced Agile environment in a tight collaboration with a development team • Strong communication skills • Good level of spoken and written EnglishResponsibilities: • Review requirements specifications • Create Acceptance criteria and checklists for newly developed features • Feature quality verification according to the checklist • Communicate with internal and external development teams regarding requirements clarifications and quality expectationsPersonal qualities: • Intelligent, curious and love to learn and explore new depths in the technology you use every day • Willing and able to meet a challenge head-on, solve problems independently and make things happen • Open minded, flexible and thrive in a highly dynamic, fast-paced, ever-changing environment • A team player who understands that the only way to solve large problems is with teamwork and mutual supportWhat’s in it for you? • A challenging environment — You will work with the most cutting edge technologies available, contributing to your development experience and professional skillset • Inspiration — You will work with other techies and experienced, battle-hardened managers, who will push you to new limits and help you develop your full potential. Here the best idea wins • Convenient and fun — We’ve got the best gadgets and frequently participate in fun, exciting and team-building activitiesAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
• Profound knowledge of testing theory • Understanding and good experience of working according to agile principles (Scrum) • Strong analytical skills • Experience in estimations of testing activities • Profound Java core knowledge • Experience in automation testing of API, backend scenarios • Experience with SOAP/REST testing • Profound SQL knowledge • Experience with UNIX • Experience with GIT, CI (Jenkins), Maven or equivalent • Understanding of the benefits of using automated testing and only when applicable• Familiar with Jira, Zephyr for Jira • Experience with Mockito framework • Basic knowledge of Java EE • TDD, BDD experience, Cucumber framework, SeleniumInfopulse welcomes talented professionals to join our project and to work as a Software Test Automation Engineer in a Telecom Team for our respectful client BICS in our Kyiv office.We offer the opportunity to work in professional and challenging working environment in telecommunications sector. Future candidate will have a chance to join BICS team on both national and international levels. We also offer you an attractive remuneration with various benefits.
More than 10 years Fulcrum Software provides IT services in the area of medical technologies for better patient care, to increase efficiency in the health care sector. The Test team has an immediate opening for an engineer with solid Test Automation experience. The ideal candidate will be responsible for implementing and maintaining automation tests for our application, design and develop tools and frameworks to enable the reduction of manual testing. This person will work in close coordination with Test manager, Product Designers, Test Automation Team, Scrum Teams and Continuous Test Integration Team. Qualifications: • You studied Computer Science/Software Engineering/IT/Robotics, or a related field with above average grades • 1+ years of QA or automation engineering experience • You have expertise in Test Automation tools & frameworks with one or more of: Squish, HP UFT (Unified Function Testing formerly known as QTP), Selenium, SoapUI, JMeter, or similar • You have experience in Web as well as Windows based technologies • You are used to work in AGILE environment. • Knowledge of continuous Integration Tools like Jenkins etc • Sound development expertise in at least one programming language • Working with Windows operating systems and networks, as well as Office applications is very familiar to you. • Knowledge of QA methodologies — functional, regression, black-box, white-box, performance testing (QT technology desirable) • Self-starter working effectively, individually as well as collaboratively with strong organizational and communication skills • You convince by an accurate analysis and your team spirit • You are proactive and are comfortable working as an individual contributor. • Since we are an international environment your English is upper-intermediate written and spoken• Ideally, you have already worked in the medical field • Knowledge of Test or Defect management tools like HP ALM, Polarion, JIRA etc. • Knowledge of databases and ability to use SQL queries• Develop, maintain, and execute automated test suites for various Software products; i.e., perform automated dynamic testing • Identify and automate manual test cases where necessary • Work in Agile environment and onshore -offshore model • Build Functional testing tools and enhance existing automation platforms • Work closely with cross-functional teams to develop project schedules, execute test plans and cases, and deliver high quality products • Review existing frameworks, Test Cases and push for more Automation wherever possible. • Contribute to initiatives to improve the overall QA process, such as identifying gaps or inefficiencies in automation workflows and suggesting improvements • Self-motivated and must be able to grasp issues quickly and make educated, critical judgment in the absence of complete requirement • Estimates the work and flag any dependencies if applicable to the scrum team or manager. • Review requirements and other project documentation to assure quality of the products and tests to be developed; may also be required to assist in some manual testing delivering high quality testing results across software applications development products.
Infopulse Ukraine welcomes talented professionals to join our project and to work as Middle/Senior QA Engineer in our Kyiv office. Our customer is one of the Big Four companies providing audit, tax, consulting, and financial advisory services.Areas of Responsibility Manual testing of web applications Designing Test Cases Estimating QA effortsQualifications 2+ years of experience in quality assurance Experience in testing web applications Knowledge of standard software testing technologies, procedures and quality assurance methodologies Experience in documenting test execution results, preparation of test reports, gathering test metrics for reporting Knowledge and ability to follow Agile software development principles Experience with TFS, JIRA issue-tracking system Intermediate English written and spoken skillsWill be an advantage Automation skills (C#) Database understanding and experience in writing SQL queries (MS SQL) Mobile testing experience Experience in working with REST APIs.
— опыт тестирования веб-приложений — внимательность и ответственность — аккуратность в ведении документации — экспертиза в финтех проектах приветствуетсяРабота в киевском офисе в IQ Business Center, full-time Оклад 2000-3000$— тестирование функционала системы и предложение улучшений в UX/UI — разработка тестовой документации (составление и актуализация тест-планов, разработка и поддержка автоматизированных регрессионных тестов, чек-листов) — поиск и техническое оформление найденных ошибок в багтрекинговой системе — взаимодействие по вопросам документации и требований с разработчиками, дизайнерами,руководителями проекта — составление отчетов по результатам тестирования — участие в подготовке проектной документации
Infopulse welcomes talented professionals to join our project and to work as Middle/Senior Automation QA Engineer in our Kyiv or Zhytomyr offices.Qualifications 2+ years experience in test automation Deep knowledge of functional test automation tools (С#+ Selenium- must, SpecFlow, Gherkin-desired) Deep knowledge of testing methodology and test documentation Knowledge of software development life cycle, version control systems, continuous integration and build automation systems Experience of test documentation creation (test plans, test cases, test reports) Experience with SQL Experience with SOAP, REST web-services English: intermediate+Areas of Responsibility Analysis of testing areas in OSS/BSS which are subject to automation Automation of functional testing — development and support of test scripts Execution of automated tests and defect tracking Reporting on test execution (regular progress reports, final summary reports) and defect reports Participation in defining test strategy and test planning, test-related risks identification and mitigation activities; proposals for test automation Work with project team members (architecture, integration, infrastructure, deployment, configuration, migration, operations) regarding any test-related issues and test environments Participation and assistance in Performance Testing Requirements.
— Опыт тестирования веб-приложений; — Опыт тестирования мобильных приложений (iOS, Android); — Опыт тестирования API (Charles, Fiddler, Postman); — Уверенные знания веб-технологий (XHR, cookies, websockets); — Понимание клиент-серверной архитектуры; — Знание методологий и основных принципов тестирования; — Внимание к деталям, желание профессионально расти и улучшать свои навыки.— Опыт в работе с базами данных (знание SQL); — Опыт автоматизации различных процессов тестирования; — Опыт работы со следующими инструментами/технологиями: Selenium WebDriver, Selenoid/Docker, TestNG, Maven; — Опыт работы с MySQL / Git / Unix-shell; — Опыт использования Continuous Integration (GitlabCI, Jenkins, TeamCity); — Базовые знания программирования (PHP, Java).— Профессиональное развитие (карта развития на каждые полгода, прокачка hard и soft skills, помощь коллег и руководителя). — Активное взаимодействие со всей scrum-командой, участие в стендапах, ретроспективах, митингах; — Возможность влиять на продукт и вывести EDtech-проект на мировой уровень! — 70% — скидка на обучение английскому. — 50% — оплата митапов, семинаров и тренингов. — Официальное оформление, оплачиваемые отпуск и больничный. — Волейбол, каяки, brain quiz, лазертаг и миллион возможностей отдохнуть после работы :)— Проведение функционального, нефункционального, регрессионного тестирования; — Тестирование нового функционала; — Дизайн, поддержка и работа с тестовыми артефактами и документацией (чек-листы, тест-кейсы, юзер-стори и др.); — Тестирование требований, выявление упущений и ошибок в ТЗ; — Анализ процесса тестирования и его оптимизация; — Поддержка существующих автотестов (Selenide + Java, TestNG, Maven, Selenoid, Rest-Assured).
● At least 1-year experience as manual QA engineer ● Good QA theory knowledge and understanding ● Good test design skills and experience ● Basic experience with requirements analysis and clarification ● Good knowledge and experience with Scrum methodology ● Understanding of HTTP protocol, client-server/micro-services architecture ● Understanding of CI systems ● Good written and spoken English● Basic knowledge of API testing ● Any programming experience ● Basic knowledge of test automation ● Experience with Jira/Confluence/QTest ● Understanding of revision control software● Interesting projects and challenging tasks ● Flexible work schedule ● Zero bureaucracy ● Friendly team with great corporate culture and mentorship (visit us and see it yourself) ● US democratic management style ● Business trips to the USA, possibility of relocation ● Opportunities for self-realization, professional and career growth ● Cool events and team activities ● Professional seminars and training, professional studying● Pick up ongoing implemented development tasks and perform test design/creation/execution ● Participate in release preparation/planning/testing activities ● Clarify all ongoing questions with development/management/support/etc. ● Work with bug tracking system (Jira) ● Participate in design&grooming sessions/team ceremonies ● Potentially work on creation of stories for test automation (Cucumber)
• 2+ years of professional experience in Automation testing of Web applications. • Strong experience in creation automation frameworks for Web UI and REST API testing from scratch. • Good understanding of CSS and XPATH selectors syntax • Good experience with Selenium WebDriver or similar • Practical experience with VCS, JIRA, Confluence • Experience with continuous integration processes and tools • Experience in web application testing • Background knowledge of web technologies • Good knowledge of different testing methodologies, techniques and types • Understanding of Agile/Scrum • Upper intermediate level English (both written and spoken) — you’ll be working with project managers and developers from the UK and Ukraine on a daily basis so this is essential • Meticulous attention to detail and overall product quality • Flexibility • A team player• Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science • Understanding architecture of Single Page Applications • Good to know BDD/BDT testing approach • ISTQB Certification• Competitive pay with yearly salary review and bonuses for great performance • 20 days paid holiday per year + public holidays and an extra paid day off on your birthday, paid sick days • Yearly training budget to attend conferences, courses and to buy relevant programming books. • Interesting and challenging work and the chance to work with a wide range of technologies. • Professional and knowledgeable colleagues. • A stable, profitable company that’s managed from the UK • A modern, quiet and comfortable workplace • Free English lessons every week in the office • A plentiful supply of coffee, cookies and fruit in the office!• Establish of automation QA processes. • Develop and improve reliable, scalable and maintainable test automation framework. • Plan and estimate automation testing activities in Agile project • Test case adjustments for automated testing needs • Integrating automated testing into CI process • Identify, record, document and track bugs • Self-motivated and good at managing your time • Able to quickly resolve issues as they arise
We are looking for a Senior Automation QA to join our team.Must Have’s: Solid skills in JavaScript (NodeJS), understanding of asynchronous code execution flow • Experience with Selenium WebDriver WebdriverIO or ProtractorJS frameworks • Experience with JasmineJS or MochaJS • Experience with Appium Android and IOS automation • Good understanding of CSS and XPATH selectors syntax • Strong experience in creation of automation frameworks from scratch • Experience with implementation of automated testing for project and system • Strong experience with continuous integration processes and tools (Jenkins, VSTS, TeamCity or similar). • Good Knowledge of SQL • Experience of working with version control systems (e.g. GIT, SVN and others) • In-depth knowledge of test automationWill be a plus:• Experience in team leadership • Experience in manual testing • Experience in setting up of testing process from scratch • Experience with cloud-based automation solutions like Saucelabs, Browserstack • Experience with API level testingWhat we offer • High, timeous and pegged to the U.S. dollar salary; • Friendly environment, where everyone is a key part of the team; • Comfortable and modern office stuffed with MacBooks, iMacs, iOS and Android devices; • All things that you may need for productive work; • Working hours: 11am — 8pm; • Medical insurance.
· Advanced verbal and written level of English is a must(technical interview will be in English); · Knowledge of SDLC, STLC and Agile Methodology and Methods; · Basic knowledge of Oracle, MS SQL; · Basic knowledge of JIRA, Confluence, Zephyr is a plus; · Basic knowledge of Finance and Banking Products; · Bachelor’s/Master’s Degree of Computer Science, Engineering, or comparable field of study; · Experience in Software testing and Technical documentation preparation is a plus; · Strong verbal and written communication skills; · Availability for business trips;Credit Europe Group NV, the organization providing financial services world-wide, is announcing a unique opportunity for everybody interested in the career of Quality Assurance for full time employment in Kyiv office.
Challenges: Clarifying product requirements and refining backlog; Developing test plans for new features and ensure good enough level of test coverage; Testing, identifying issues and creating bug reports.Opportunities: Contribute to the backbone of the Financial Internet; Work in a team of young and talented people; Learn cutting edge technologies; Being a part of fast growing product company. We are flexible in terms of working hours; Snacks, coffee, tea, fruits, alcohol; Office in Kharkiv city center; Free homemade lunches.Minimum qualifications: 3-5 years of experience in QA / testing; Experience in test automation; High analytical capacity; Advanced English skills.
* 3+ years’ experience as a QA engineer within an IT company * 2+ years’ experience in test automation * Good knowledge of software testing theory and the ability to put that knowledge into practice * Knowledge and understanding of agile methodologies * Experience with Mocha, Selenium frameworks * Understanding of HTML / CSS / JS or JQuery * Excellent knowledge of the bug life cycle * Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and thrive * Drive initiatives to create value and increase operational efficiency * Identify opportunities for improvement and implement appropriate solutions * Good communication skills. * English — Intermediate* Knowledge and good understanding of different Financial Markets * Experience with java testing frameworks* Automation test case creation and execution * Extending and maintaining the existing testing approach * Bugs reporting and bug fix verification * Creating and following through on test plans, including writing and executing test cases * Participate in team activities and product feature designing * Other duties as necessary * Must be a self-started, self- motivator and self-disciplined * Must take accountability and be a problem solver as well as, a team player * Clear concept of understanding requirements provided * Must have an acute sense for attention to detail * Ability to place the highest importance on the accuracy of the project
• Solid knowledge of performance testing types and goals • HP LoadRunner • Apache JMeter • Experience in test automation with Java • 3+ experience in SCRUM processes • Git • Good communication skills • Upper-Intermediate English level • Reliability and responsibility• Competitive compensation depending on experience and skills • Individual career path • Social package — medical insurance, sports • Compensation for sick lists and regular vacations • English classes with certified English teachers • Flexible work hours • We offer the possibility to work on full product lifecycle — from concept to delivery into production • We are open for innovations and modern technologies • We propose certification for Content technologies (paid by the company) • We offer guaranteed professional growth through the technology trainings and technology communities inside the Content department and company as well • We propose IT conferences sponsorship • We are proactive Agile/Scrum/XP practitioners • We propose to realize your ideas and potential within the democratic environment and much more
• Good knowledge of software testing methodologies and procedures and a fair understanding of software development lifecycle • At least 1.5 years of experience in testing mobile and/or web applications • Experience in using test automation tools is a benefit • Higher education in the field of IT/mathematics • Ability to learn quickly and willingness to continuously improve yourself • At least intermediate English level (both written and spoken)• Experience in gambling• Possibility to cooperate with a product company • Professional growth • Educational possibilities • Competitive compensation • Fully-equipped perfect office space located in the city center (“Palats Sportu” metro station) • Warm and friendly attitude to every specialist• Manual testing of mobile applications for various casino projects • Estimation of testing efforts for the project • Analysis of system requirements and producing testing specifications from systems requirements • Creation of Test Cases, Test Reports • Communication with internal development teams regarding requirements clarifications and quality expectations • Constantly learn from experience and be proactiveIf you are interested in our current vacancies, please don’t hesitate to send your CV. We’ll contact you if there’s a fit with one of our opportunities.
• 1+ year of experience as a QA Engineer; • Working with test documentation (Test Plan, Checklist, Test-Case) • Knowledge and/or practical experience with HTML, CSS, Javascript; • Knowledge of types and methodologies of software testing • Experience with Bug Tracking Systems (Jira, etc) • Understanding of software development process; • English — Intermediate• Possibility to cooperate with a product company • Educational possibilities • Competitive compensation • Fully-equipped perfect office space located in the city center (“Palats Sportu” metro station) • Warm and friendly attitude to every specialist • Professional growth• Manual testing of mobile applications • Verify and report defects found by manual testing or by automated tests • Creation of Test Cases, Test Reports • Communication with internal development teams regarding requirements clarifications and quality expectations • Work in a self-organized agile team • Constantly learn from experience and be proactive
• Commercial experience in web testing (1+ years) • Good understanding of web technologies (SSO/SSL/HTML/CSS/JS) • Practical experience in Agile/Scrum development processes • Intermediate written and spoken English • Strong analytical skills • Strong troubleshooting skills • We are looking for a proactive, result-oriented person with good QA knowledge and good communication skills.• Experience in mobile testing • Practical experience in automation (preferably JS) • Work experience in gambling/gaming industry • BSC/MS in either Software Engineering or Computer Science• Possibility to cooperate with a product company • Professional growth • Educational possibilities • Competitive compensation • Fully-equipped perfect office space located in the city center (“Palats Sportu” metro station) • Warm and friendly attitude to every specialist• Manual testing of web and mobile applications • Analysis of business and technical requirements • Work with all kinds of QA documentation (Test Plans, Test Cases, Check Lists, Reports) • Participation in refinement and planning sessions • Work in a self-organized agile team • Communication with the teams of Playtech • Work according to generally accepted best practices and internal policies • Reporting to QA Team Lead, Scrum Master and other team members about status, progress and concerns of work • Possibility to get acquainted with Automation (JS)
3+ years of experience in QA / testing Experience of working with version control systems (e.g. GIT) Experience with continuous integration processes and tools (e.g. Continua CI) Knowledge of test automation approaches and procedures Good knowledge of testing methods, techniques and types Excellent written and verbal communication English skills Great team worker with analytical thinking Attentiveness to the details Good communication skillsExperience in QA Automation using Selenium WebDriver Knowledge of SQL, JavaScript, HTML, CSS Experience with API level testing Experience in performance testing Computer science degree or similarHigh salary based on results and experience; Career development; A truly flexible working schedule; An unforgettable corporate events ; Corporate English lessons; Variety of knowledge sharing and training opportunities (Access to Microsoft Certifications); Modern office in Kyiv center (near Palats Ukrainy) Truly friendly atmosphereWork closely to Product Owner Understanding the system Clarifying product requirements and refining backlog Developing test plans for new features and ensure good/enough level of test coverage Testing, identifying issues, creating bug reports and testing reports Developing automation tests
On behalf of TechFinancials, Ciklum is looking for Middle QA Engineer to join Kyiv team on full-time basis. TechFinancials is a world’s leading provider of innovative technology in the fast-growing industry of online financial trading and blockchain domain.Established in 2009 and listed on the London Stock Exchange AIM market (symbol TECH), TechFinancials is a leading provider of trading technology for online brokers, and exchanges for the mass market, with offices across Asia, Europe and the Middle East. The organization is cloud based and the application is distributed and installed on Linux servers (250 on production). TechFinancials has over 50 customers all around the world. The team is working with 3 products: cryptocurrency exchange platform, blockchain based diamond exchange, Forex application (with microservice architecture). Products are built on state of the art Java based technologies and being developed with a special attention to maintainability, flexibility and scalability. This is achieved by using Micro Service Architecture, Componentization and Continuous Delivery methodologies. Development Teams are working in Scrum methodology.Join the team and you will take part in the design and implementation from scratch of highly loaded and scalable products using Continuous delivery approach and modern technologies.Responsibilities: • Analyze business requirements for completeness and testability • Estimate and plan efforts • Test cases/checklists and other types of test documentation creation • Acceptance test scenarios creation for automation • Tight cooperation with automation QA’s and developers • Execute functional, non-functional and exploratory testing • Collaboration with Product Manager or Business Analyst • Be a part of a Scrum teamRequirements: • Education in Computer Science or a related field • 3 years of professional experience in quality assurance (web applications) • Have experience in test analysis for software requirements • Basic knowledge of SQL • Basic knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, CSS • Understanding of test design techniques • Excellent knowledge of bug life cycle • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types • Have understanding of OOP language (e.g. Java / Groovy) • Understanding of Agile (scrum) • Upper-intermediate English level, both spoken and writtenPersonal skills: • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented • Good analytical skills and attention to details • Good communications skills • Open-minded, proactive team playerDesirable: • Experience in testing blockchain applications • Experience in automation of web application • Familiar with continuous delivery approach • Basic knowledge of Unix commands • Familiar with test management tools (TestRail) and issue tracking tools (Jira) • ISTQB certificatesWhat’s in it for you? • Working in the Agile environment with the latest technologies • Medical insurance • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client; • Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities; • Competitive salary; • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions.About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain.As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team! Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
1+ year experience in QA Strong knowledge of testing theory Understanding of different testing methods, principles, techniques and types (with the ability to give examples) Ability to create and follow test cases/checklists and other types of test documentation Good understanding of the bug lifecycle Strong user at least of one desktop OS Understanding of web technologies (HTTP/HTTPS, requests, HTML, CSS etc.) Work with macOS (Linux) terminal Good written and reading English (intermediate level or above)Practical experience with browser’s developer tools Experience in analyzing of HTTP traffic Experience in macOS using BS/MS degree in a technical discipline (MS degree in an IT sphere will be a huge plus)Very warm and friendly working environment Continuous professional competencies development and professional growth opportunities Free external and internal professional training and certifications Foreign languages learning in the company office (different levels of language skills; etc.) Ukrainian labor legislation guarantees 40-hours working week with flexible working hours Annual paid vacations (20 working days) Medical insurance and health protection programs Compensation of the transport expenses for candidates from other cities invited to our Kyiv office for an interview Corporate/team/special events Challenging work in the international professional environment Starting from your first working day you will get free meals (three times a day — breakfast/dinner/supper) in the company restaurant Sports activities in our office gym with a personal coach (yoga, boxing, etc.)Test cases writing and supporting Desktop application testing Bugs reporting
On behalf of NZZ, Ciklum is looking for Automation QA Engineer to join Kiev team on full-time basis.Client details: The Neue Zürcher Zeitung (NZZ, English: “New Journal of Zurich”) is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper, published by the NZZ-Gruppe in Zurich. NZZ has a reputation as a quality newspaper and as the Swiss newspaper of record, the newspaper is known for its detailed reports on international affairs, stock exchange, and the intellectual, in-depth style of its articles.Client’s website: www.nzz.chResponsibilities: • Support testing/development process based on Agile testing principles and Scrum framework for Web/Mobile projects. • Participation in development of test automation frameworks for Web/Apps projects. • Ability to deal with manual and automation activities: 50/50.Requirements: • 3+ years of professional experience in QA. • 1+ years of professional experience in QA Automation of web or app-based applications. • Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, processes, and tools. • Experience in Agile frameworks. • Experience with manual testing of Web-based applications. • Experience with testing of Restful API. • Basic knowledge in JavaScript (NodeJS). • Understanding of CSS and XPATH selectors syntax. • Experience in creation/maintenance of test documentation. • Self-disciplined, goal-oriented and ability to work in a team. • English — Upper Intermediate.Would be a plus: • Experience with Selenium WebDriverJS (NodeJS), WebdriverIO or similar. • Experience with testing of Mobile applications. • Experience with Mobile automation. • Experience with MochaJS, ChaiJS. • Experience of working with version control systems (GIT). • Experience with Continuous Integration processes and tools. • Experience with cloud-based automation solutions like Saucelabs, Browserstack.What’s in it for you: • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere, which creates really good working conditions • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • Competitive salary • Medical insurance • Possibility to work in a big and successful companyAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centers in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
We are looking for confident English-speaking QA with experience in testing hardware products to join our skilled team for 6 weeks. The person we are looking for is passionate about testing products, especially hardware and work in start-up environment.ResponsibilitiesRequirementsBenefitsPetcube is the leader in the Connected Pet space, and makers of the best-selling pet cameras and software, connecting people to their pets. Our products enable people to see, talk, play, and feed their pets remotely while keeping them safe and healthy. Our innovative products include Petcube Bites, an advanced treat camera, and Petcube Play, the best-selling interactive pet cam. Critically acclaimed with product and innovation awards, you will be joining a growing organization with enormous potential in the $68B pet care market. We’re passionate about our social mission in support of animal welfare and rescues, and you can have a direct impact on improving the lives of pets everywhere.
— 1.5 — 2+ опыта в manual testing; — Хорошее знание и понимание теории тестирования; — Понимание жизненного цикла разработки ПО (SDLC); — Опыт тестирования веб-приложений; — Опыт написания тестовой документации: test suite, test case, bug report; — Кроссбраузерное и кроссплатформенное тестирование; — Умение работать с браузерными инструментами; — Базовые знания HTML/CSS; — Базовые знания SQL; — Базовые знания работы HTTP протокола, веб-приложений и понимание клиент-серверной архитектуры;— Работа по методологии SCRUM; — Опыт в тестировании API; — Опыт в написании и оформлении документации с использованием специализированных инструментов (e.g. Swagger). — Базовые навыки automation testing.— Интересный продукт — Достойная оплата работы — Динамичное развитие сотрудников и компании — Дружественный коллектив и поддержка — Зона отдыха с развлечениями — Питание, оплачиваемое компанией — Конструктивное руководство, ориентированное на результат
You can fit if: — excited to study new business area withing mainstream crypto currencies trading — expert in Automation Testing — strong knowledge in Java Core — DevOps, bash scripting knowledge are welcome — SQL confident skills — Technologies set: WebDriver, Selenium, jBehave, Spring, Maven, Mercurial, JenkinsResponsibilities: — Setup Test automation framework — Test automation for UI — Ent-to-end, performance testing — Analysis of results
Position Requirements: • At least 4 years of experience in QC (preferably cloud/web products) • Experience in creation/maintenance of test documentation (test plan, test cases, checklists etc) • Experience in organizing and leading test processes from the requirements analysis to the post-release stages • Understanding of client/server architecture and web server architecture • Knowledge of XML, XSD • Experience in API testing • Knowledge of HTTP specifications, understanding of REST/SOAP architectures • Experience in working with VMWare products • Experience in working with Git, Jira, Confluence, TeamCity • Experience in using fiddler for traffic analysis • Experience in working with console • Basic system administrator skills • Good knowledge of spoken and written English (at least upper-intermediate level) • Strong analytical and troubleshooting skillsNice to have: • Experience testing large scale multi-tier web based applications • Knowledge of different Windows versions specifics • Familiarity with Office products of different versions • Basic knowledge of SQL • Understanding specific of CRM business • Experience with production support is a plusWhat we offer: • A friendly, informal, and knowledge-sharing environment with open-minded people around you • Chance to join a team of professionals in a company globally recognized for its cutting-edge products • Dynamic opportunities for professional growth • A worthy salary • 20 days of paid vacation yearly • 20 days of paid out of office work yearly • Great medical insurance • Corporate activities including corporate trips, skiing, parties, and other team building events • Partly or fully paid extra professional training and courses (when needed) • Snacks and drinks in the office Office location: nearby Olimpiyska metro stationResponsibilities: • Define test strategy approach for the product and implement it via test plan and defined test scope • Plan and estimate test efforts • Pro-active participation in the whole QC cycle which includes but not limited to the requirements review, providing feedback on requirements and suggestions on improvements, creation manual test cases, perform functional and non-functional tests, evaluation of test results • Use different test design techniques for manual test creation and optimization • Define the scope for the automation coverage based on manual tests • Define which non-functional testing is required • Run and evaluate results of the automation tests • Update existing and develop new automation scripts using an existing framework • Understand the target audience of the company products and their business needs
On behalf of Thomas Cook, Ciklum is looking for a QA Engineer to join Malaga team on a full-time basis.As a QA Engineer you will be a part of new digital technology team involved in designing and building Web applications that scale to millions of customers, billions of pounds in revenue and thousands of requests per millisecond. Our product team is very strong and proposes exciting features. Marketing, optimization and analytics teams will work with us making sure we deliver all requested features they need in order to make our website the most amazing travel platform in the world. This position requires deep understanding of quality assurance role on each stage of product development process and profound knowledge of QA mission and methodology.About Thomas Cook Today, Thomas Cook one of the world’s leading leisure travel groups, with sales of £7.8 billion and 19 million customers each year. The group is supported by around 22,000 colleagues and operates from 16 countries. Thomas Cook’s vision is to be the best-loved holiday company, delivering inspiring, personalised holiday experiences for all its customers. Drawing together the IT capabilities across the Group into a consistent platform that will enable the extension of the Group’s dynamic packaging capability to customers in all markets, assist with yield management and create a seamless, unified, multi-channel customer interaction experience (across mobile, web, and in store) will add considerable value. TC Group is building the capability to support personalised customer interaction through micro segmentation, social media integration, and powerful recommendation analytics. The IT investment plan is based on using verified, proven capabilities and systems that already exist within the Group and the extension of these to other parts of the Group.Responsibilities: We are looking for a universal Quality Assurance Soldier capable of supporting our product from quality perspective from early ideas to production stage. This includes a lot of activities where you’ll be able to utilize and develop all the wide range of QA skills:● Requirements analysis; ● Test Planning; ● Test Design and peer reviews; ● Test Execution; ● Test Automation on API and GUI levels; ● Defect Reporting; ● Status Reporting; ● Agility; ● Collaboration; ● QA process improvement.If you’re a problem solver with positive attitude towards complexity and high focus on results, if you enjoy dynamic environment and close collaboration with colleagues within your Scrum team and far outside to reach common goals, if you look forward to developing not only your functional testing skills, but also non-functional we’re waiting for you!Requirements: ● Experience in testing of web and/or mobile applications (2+ years); ● Profound theoretical background in SQA methodology and process, test types classifications; ● Experience with Agile/Scrum development processes in a fast-paced, dynamic environment; ● Experience in compatibility testing (cross-browser testing and cross-mobile platform testing); ● Experience in usage of Test Management tools (e.g. TestRail, Zephyr, TestLink) ● Experience in usage of Defect tracking systems (preferably Jira); ● Good understanding of Web technologies and concepts (HTML, CSS, JS); ● Experience of technical testing (e.g. reading logs, putty, SQL, XML, json, Fiddler, MongoDB); ● Experience with UI and/or API automation testing and desire to develop further in this area; ● Work with VCS (Git, SVN etc.); ● Understanding of CI (Jenkins, TeamCity etc.); ● Upper intermediate spoken and written English.Desirable: ● Experience working with e-commerce products; ● Experience with Protractor; ● Experience with BDD approach (Cucumber, JBehave, JDave etc.); ● Experience with Appium/Selendroid and other mobile automation frameworks. ● ISEB/ISTQB — Foundation level or higher.Personal qualities: ● Excellent communication (written & verbal) and interpersonal skills; ● High level of attention to details; ● Ability to deal with ambiguity and drive independently or collaboratively with team on solutions, positive approach to difficulties and imaginative problem solver; ● Profound analytical skills; ● Proactive, results-oriented personality; ● Ability to work on multiple tasks and prioritize personal workload; ● Ability to learn fast and a high degree of creativity and initiative.What’s in it for you? ● Ability to work on challenging, large project with complex high load e-commerce platform; ● State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions; ● Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client; ● Competitive salary; ● Career and professional growth; ● Possibility to work in a big and successful company; ● Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation and other social benefits.About Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
On behalf of Key Travel, Ciklum is looking for Senior Automation QA Engineer to join Kiev team on full-time basis.You will join a highly motivated team and will work with an application, which provides a tailored travel experience. It enables travel agents to manage trips and make bookings via Global Distribution Systems (GDS, e.g. Amadeus), Expedia, Travel Fusion, Ypsilon, etc.About Client: The team is managed by UK-based project manager.Key Travel is a Travel Management Company specialising in the not-for-profit sector. Our clients are charities (aid, development, medical relief, environment or education), religious organisations and public sector organisations such as Universities. Key Travel is a forward-thinking organisation in the midst of positive change and would welcome a driven, proactive individual who would thrive from being the primary point of contact for all .NET development related issues.Client website www.keytravel.comResponsibilities: • Maintaining and improving test automation framework architecture • API and Frontend (e2e) tests automation (Application consists of .NET WebApi Backend and Angular 1.x web client) • Contributing to automation plan • Estimate the required test script development time, integration test effort, refactoring and improvements • Automation of regression and other functional testing on Web projects • Building and maintaining automated testing frameworks • Integrating automated testing into CI process • Test case adjustments for automated testing needs • Test data and test environment preparations • Making conclusion and reporting about stability of the product under testRequirements: • 4+ years of professional experience in QA Automation of Web products with Selenium Webdriver and Protractor • Strong knowledge of continuous integration processes and tools (Teamcity) is a must • Experience in creation of automation frameworks from scratch • Solid skills in JavaScript and OOP • Solid GIT skills • Good Knowledge of SQL • In-depth knowledge of test automation approaches and procedures • Good experience with API level testing • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types • Test tracking and project management software experience — Jira • Good understanding of Agile/Scrum • Good English skills — Intermediate and abovePreferable: • Experience in security testing • Advanced/Fluent English level — Advanced normal • Experience with test management apps — Zephyr • Typescript experience • Understanding of .NET code is a big plus • WinAppDriver knowledgeWhat’s in it for you? • Obtain deep experience in travel business domain • Professional growth • Educational possibilitiesWe offer: • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Obtain deep experience in travel business domain • Professional growth • Educational possibilitiesAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain.As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
Что мы ждем от кандидата: Умение написания планов тестирований Составление документации по тестированию; Отличные знания подходов, методов и методологий тестирования; Знание концепций, действий и результатов тестирования ПО; Понимание принципов технологий веб-разработки; Требования к кандидату: Опыт ручного тестирования веб-приложений не менее 2 лет; Использование системы отслеживания проблемЛичные качества: Ответственность; Хорошие коммуникативные навыки; Английский: IntermediateА если кандидат еще и понимает тестирование API и имеет опыт тестирования белых ящиков, будет огромным преимуществом!Что мы предлагаем: Интересный проект и нетривиальные задачи, которые позволят проявить свой профессионализм и креатив; Дружный коллектив; Комфортный график работы и условия труда; Стабильная, конкурентная ЗП; Возможность профессионального и карьерного роста
3+ years of experience in software engineering, testing and/or performance engineering; 2+ years of experience with C#; Fundamental knowledge in Object-Oriented Design Principles and Data Structures and other Continuous Integration technologies; Strong analytical and investigative problem-solving skills; Practical experience with Agile/Scrum SDLC; Must be able to create and maintain documentation of work; Excellent interpersonal skills working in a team environment; Desire to change the status quo and push for improvements; Experience with Selenium.Experience with Azure or similar cloud platforms; Experience with API testing in microservices architecture; Ability to develop Load testing approach for complex system; Experience with RDBMS and NoSQL.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan); Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place); Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients; Flexible work schedule; 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both; Annual vitaminization program for employees; Relocation assistance; English and German courses; Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract; Corporate leisure activities.Work in alignment and in parallel with the development team to help drive early automation (unit testing and integration testing) and create the DevOps delivery pipeline for the project; Test new design and architectural choices which have a significant impact on our systems, our business and most importantly, our customers; Will play a pivotal role in building/supporting well defined test frameworks, tools, automated tests ensuring high quality bar; Conduct code reviews, defect resolution, and implement appropriate monitoring; Write custom code to test code: WebUI and API level testing.
• 2+ years of experience in performance testing; • Good knowledge and practical experience in REST or SOAP services testing; • Good programming Java skills; • Experience with Git/GitHub; • Experience with JIRA; • Strong self-organized skills (be able to create/estimate tasks, report work); • Experience in Agile software development; • Strong communication skills and good spoken and written English; • Knowledge of Scala will be a plus; • Experience with Amazon EC2 will be a plus.• Competitive compensation depending on experience and skills; • The individual career path in engineering; • Social package — medical insurance, sports; • Compensation for sick lists and regular vacations; • English classes with certified English teachers; • Flexible work hours.• Be the main contact person for customers for everything that is related to performance analysis; • Investigation of project business requirements; • Planning of work scope and estimations; • Designing of performance framework architecture; • Preparation of testing strategy aimed on customer’s demands; • Preparation and execution of performance test scenarios; • Analyzing test-execution results and investigation of slow application functionality; • Interacting with other distributed teams of project; • Preparation of performance analysis reports.
2+ years experience in testing, strong knowledge of QA’s theory 1+ year in automation web/mobile applications (Java) Hands on experience with testing backend APIs Design and develop automation framework and from scratch Design, Develop and implement automation test suites, prepare reports after it execution Hands on experience with report framework (Allure2). Practical knowledge of Continuous Integration tools (Jenkins) Integration of software unit tests into the board test framework Simulate production environment by building a test harness to test and automate complex use cases. Pair with Software Engineers to triage issues and identify the root cause.Working in successful dynamic international company; Competitive salary; Social package — medical insurance, sports; Compensation for sick lists and regular vacations; Flexible work schedule; Teambuilding once in two months; Payed prof-education; The ability to focus on your work: a lack of bureaucracy and micromanagement, and convenient corporate services; Study and practice of English: courses and communication with colleagues; Corporate events and meetings; Paid overtime, vacation and sick leaves; Team of professionals, friendly atmosphere and great management; Office in a comfortable business center; Unlimited tea and coffee.Conduct database analysis Design and permoning the automation tests Make test reports based on tests execution Make the information prioritization Conduct online customer support Interact with other departments for solving customer’s issues
3Shape A/S is a Danish hi-tech company specializing in the production and development of 3D solutions (3D scanners and 3D software) for industrial and healthcare applications, such as hearing and dental aid production, where we have a global leading position. Two graduate students founded 3Shape in the year 2000, and today the company’s fast-growing team of 1000+ employees in 20 offices worldwide (Denmark, Germany, Poland, Ukraine, USA etc.) is serving customers in over 100 countries.We are looking for an experienced Testing Engineer to work in our Kiev office.You should have experience in the following fields: • 1+ year of experience in software testing • Strong manual testing skills • Good knowledge of software testing methodologies • Fluent English — written and spoken • Experience in writing of automated tests is a plusYou should possess the following personal competencies: • Analytical skills • Careful attention to details • Multi-tasking • Ability to see the relations between functionalities • Excellent communication skills • Ability to work as a team playerAreas of responsibility: • Performing manual testing • Finding and reporting bugs in the new solutions • Creating test documentation • Providing tasks estimations • Writing of automated testsWe offer: • Participation in producing market-leading technology products for customers around the world • An effective agile development process empowering the software development teams to take design and planning decisions • Lots of interesting challenges that will require your technical, analytical and communicative skills • Constant professional growth and development • Work in a unique professional, friendly and supportive environment • Competitive salary level • Occasional trips to Western Europe • Good working conditions in a comfortable office (not open space!) • Convenient office location (near National Technical University “KPI”) • Medical insurance • English classes • Compensation of lunches • Annual paid vacation (24 working days) and paid sick leaves • Short working day on Fridays (till 17:00 pm) and Friday beer • Regular company events • Opportunity to become part of the success that 3Shape has created over the past 15 yearsWe will be glad to welcome you in our team!
— Ручне тестування (досвід 1+ рік). — Тестування настільних / веб / мобільних додатків. — Базові знання SQL. — Знання процесів QA, SDLC, STLC, створення тестових документів, технічне обслуговування. — Досвід роботи з системою відстеження помилок (Redmine). — Досвід роботи з інструментами веб-розробки (Firebug, консоль веб-розробників). — Досвід роботи в API або тестування продуктивності/навантаження (JMeter, Postman). — Розуміння юзабіліті. — Практика в Selenium Web Driver, Git, TFS. — Англійська мова (intermediate і вище).— практика автоматизованого тестування. — досвід роботи із C#.NET & NUnit.— Професійний ріст в сфері ІТ. — Навчання за рахунок компанії. — Робота над цікавими проектами. — Офіційне працевлаштування (ЦПУ/ФОП). — Зручне місце розташування (центр, 5хв від Ж/Д вокзалу). — Корпоративні заходи, Teambuilding. — Чай, кава, печиво + смачні гарячі обіди.— Створення та аналіз документації. — Розробка тестів для нових функціональних можливостей. — Повідомляти про нові дефекти та здійснювати моніторинг фіксованих дефектів. — Аналіз ризиків, вимог тощо. — Виконання і підтримка створення ТД. — Тісно кооперувати з командою розробників. — Будувати тестову стратегію.
Высшее профильное образование; Знание английского языка на уровне В1 (как минимум — на уровне чтения технической документации и составления отчетов. Ведение документации требуется на английском языке.); Базовые знания SQL; Знание специального программного обеспечения для автоматизированного тестирования и регистрации ошибок (WinRunner, TestComplete, TestExecute, TestRecorder, Codeception etc); Инициативность и аналитическое мышление; Опыт работы на похожей должности от 1 года.Понимание PHP фреймворков; Знание HTML / CSS / Javascript; SCRUM навыки; Разговорный английский язык; Инициативность, желание вносить предложения по совершенствованию работы, связанной с предусмотренными настоящей вакансией обязанностями; Желание развиваться в направлении Technical Project Manager.Стабильную работу; Официальное трудоустройство; Оплачиваемые отпуск и больничные; Заработную плату с привязкой к курсу доллара; Другие бонусы.Разработка планов, графиков, методик и описаний тестирования; Моделирование ситуаций, которые могут возникнуть в условиях эксплуатации программного обеспечения; Тестирование программных продуктов; Нагрузочные тестирования; Составление документации для проведения функционального тестирования; Анализ результатов, полученных при прохождении тестов; Классификация выявленных ошибок и занесение их в базу данных для текущего программного продукта; Контроль процесса ликвидации выявленных ошибок разработчиком программного обеспечения; Написание тест-планов, тест-кейсов на основе технических спецификаций продуктов; Работа с продуктами Atlassian, в том числе с системой управления проектами Jira Software, Bitbucket, etc
— At least 1+ years QA Lead — Excellent knowledge of testing methodologies — Experience in writing test documentation — Solid manual/automation testing skills — Experience in requirements testing — Strong skills in functional, compatibility and integration—Experience with Automation QA (Java)— Agile working hours — Paid vacation and sick leave — Professional development and opportunity to work with numerous ambitious projects — The most friendly and pleasant staff that you’ve ever seen ;) — Compensation based on the interview results— Team management, tackling its problems, being its true leader — Developing and setting QA process and artifacts — Performing requirements, analysing and testing — Managing risks for releases and reporting them — Working tightly with programmers and project manager — Spotting the most vulnerable parts of system and its testing automatization
— 1,5-2+ year of experience as QA engineer in IT company — Experience in Game Dev field — Good technical understanding and high interest in the field of testing — Knowledge and understanding of agile methodologies — Experience in writing test plans, checklists and test cases — Strong Intermediate English— High competitive salary and benefit package like private medical insurance and mobile phones for all employees — Fun & creative work environment in a fast growing modern technology driven company — Social benefits, paid vacations, sick-leaves, gym or other sport activities compensation — Professional development with NetEnt Academy, or external programs — Friendly environment and comfortable schedule — Great place to work & strong team-oriented culture driven by diversity and international atmosphere — Business trips to Sweden, Malta — Lots of social activities and events — Lots of fun!Your main tasks include, but are not limited to:— Testing games and game-related features (UI, UX, Functional, Exploratory) — Creating and following through on test plans, including writing and executing test cases — Regression testing on existing product portfolios — Bug and defect handling, analyzing deviations between the defined and the actual functional behavior and reporting bugs. Root cause analysis. — Ensuring requirements are met — Participate in team activities and product feature design
AMERIA — is a product software development company with headquarter in Heidelberg (Germany) and development center in Kyiv. We are a global leader in the digitalization of sales floors. We develop comprehensive systems that revolutionize people’s experiences in stores and public spaces. More information about our software products can be found on our web site: ameria.de/enCurrently we are looking for a Manual QA Engineer to join our Product Development Team.Requirements: • Strong knowledge and practical experience in QA theory and testing techniques • 2+ years of commercial experience in testing web and mobile applications • Experience in system, integration, regression, functionality testing • Practical experience with REST API • Strong problem-solving skills, proactivity, ability to switch between different tasks • English — fluent or upper-intermediate • Availability for frequent business trips to Germany• experience of testing Unreal Engine/Unity3D applications • some experience in automation and non-functional testing• Opportunity to take active part in product development, suggesting and implementing your ideas • Cool well-experienced team members • Career and professional growth • Competitive salary • Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation • Business trips to Germany • English classes • Nice centrally located office with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions• Testing of our main Web-based Software Products (CX Composer, CX Manager, Smart Data, User directory) • Manual testing of Windows based apps which are managed by MS Kinect and played on INCAs • Testing of mobile apps • Updating check lists and test cases • Bug reports providing • Collaboration with development team, QAs and product owners • Providing estimates of QA efforts
On behalf of EFG, Ciklum is looking for Senior Mobile QA Engineer for Android platform to join Kyiv team on full-time basis.Our team has already 5 years of experience in the successful development of web-based applications with SCRUM methodology for EFG bank. Now we want to repeat our success in a new area — development of native mobile applications on Android and iOS platforms for financial market.Client details: EFG is a worldwide private banking group. The e-business division, located in Geneva, is in charge of a portal hosting all the public web sites of the group, as well as the intranet, extranets and ebanking services. EFG is building a new platform for all the e-business solutions and partnered with blue infinity to deliver a state of the art platform based on Java technologies.Client’s website: efginternational.comResponsibilities • Design and implement mobile application testing processes in the project • In close cooperation with Product Owner from EFG bank elaborate and clarify applications features • Design and document test scenarios for the futures • Manual testing mobile applications on Android platform • Be able to learn and participate in writing automated tests on Appium • Learn from your colleagues and share your own knowledge and experience with others • Work in human size intercultural project with opportunities for everyone to work on various technologies and be part of the decisions.Requirements • Higher education (preferable in IT) • 3+ years of manual testing of mobile applications • Must have previous experience in testing Android Apps with writing test scenarios • Experience with TestRail is a plus • English spoken and written on the intermediate level or higher • Experience with REST is a plus • Experience with writing and running automation tests is a plusWhat’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • Competitive salary • Possibility to work in a big and successful company • Career and professional growth • Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation and other social benefits • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions • Variety of knowledge sharing and training opportunities • A lot of various technical seminarsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
— Experience with mobile and web applications testing; — Knowledge of software testing methodologies; — Experience in working with test documentation, knowledge of testing requirements, specification; — Creating test documentation: test cases, test plan, testing reports, release notes; — Performing manual testing; — Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs; — Experience in testing specification, have confidence to suggest better solution; — Good analytical skills and attention to details; — Multi-tasking; — Ability to work as a team player; — Comfortable in an unstructured, fast-paced environment; — Able to work independently, self-motivated, detail-oriented and organized; — Strong troubleshooting and problem solving skills.— Experience in QA automation testing; — Knowledge of any programming language; — Leadership Skills; — Testing API; — Work with DataBase; — Understanding of Agile methodologies; — Knowledge of bug-tracking systems (e.g. Jira); — Good communicational and interpersonal skills; — Desire to innovate and learn new technologies.— Work in a stable company; — Friendly team; — Comfortable office; — Flexible working hours; — Paid vacation and sick days; — Career and professional growth; — Internal events, teambuildings; — Social package.
Ciklum is looking for Middle Manual QA Engineer to join our Business Process Automation team in Kiev office.We are looking for technology experts who want to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership..Responsibilities: • Requirements analysis and processing; • Test cases/checklists and other types of test documentation creation; • Estimate the required testing time; • Perform testing activities on several projects, communicate with developers and project managers; • Functional and regression tests on web projects; • Perform testing activities on one big or several small projects, communicate with developers and project managers; • Test Summary reports preparationRequirements: • Education — higher • Minimum 2+ years of manual testing • Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript • Excellent knowledge of bug life cycle; • Excellent Jira skills; • Strong understanding of Agile/Scrum; • Understanding of test design techniques; • Good written English level • Strong analytical mindsetWhat’s in it for you? • Variety of knowledge sharing and training opportunities • A lot of various technical seminars • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • Competitive salary • Career and professional growth • Possibility to work in a big and successful company • Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation and other social benefits • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditionsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
A BSc in Computer Science or equivalent; 2+ years of experience as a AQA Engineer; Experience in test automation using Python and Ruby; Experience with Linux administration and maintenance; Quality focus, willing to drive improvement of the automated testing pipeline; Experience with version control systems: Git, Gerrit; Experience of working in an Agile team and environment; Good command of written and spoken English.Technology Stack: Python, Ruby; CI(Jenkins); Gerrit/Git, SVN.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan); Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place); Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients; Flexible work schedule; 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both; Annual vitaminization program for employees; Relocation assistance; English and German courses; Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract; Corporate leisure activities.
On behalf of NZZ, Ciklum is looking for Mobile QA Engineer to join Kyiv team on full-time basis.Client details: The Neue Zürcher Zeitung (NZZ, English: “New Journal of Zurich”) is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper, published by the NZZ-Gruppe in Zurich. NZZ has a reputation as a quality newspaper and as the Swiss newspaper of record, the newspaper is known for its detailed reports on international affairs, stock exchange, and the intellectual, in-depth style of its articles.Client’s website: www.nzz.chResponsibilities • Support testing/development process based on Agile testing principles and Scrum framework for Web/Mobile projects — UAT, functional, UI, regression, exploratory testing; creation/maintaining test documentation. • Deal with Mobile and Web projects.Requirements • 2+ years professional experience in QA. • Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, processes, and tools. • Experience in Agile frameworks. • Experience with testing of Web-based applications. • Experience with testing of Mobile applications. • Experience with testing of Restful API. • Experience in creation/maintenance of test documentation. • Experience with bug reporting tools. • Experience in working with requirements (wiki/confluence, jira story). • Self-disciplined, goal-oriented and ability to work in a team. • English — Upper Intermediate.Desirable • Automation/programming skills, Selenium (NodeJS), Appium, UIAutomator; • Experience with version control systems (git); • Automated tests integration into CI/CD processes (Jenkins, TravisCI).What’s in it for you? • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere, which creates really good working conditions • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • Competitive salary • Medical insurance • Possibility to work in a big and successful companyAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
• Понимание процесса тестирования (цели и задачи, роли, виды тестирования, тест-дизайн, etc.). • Опыт тестирования в коммерческих проектах не менее 1 года. • Опыт проведения различных видов тестирования. • Опыт написания и ведения тестовой документации — тест-планы, тест-кейсы и чек-листы. • Опыт работы с баг-трекинговыми системами. • Опыт работы с «инструментами разработчика» (Google Chrome Devtools, Firebug и т.д.). • Опыт работы с технологиями Web-интерфейса (HTML, CSS, JavaScript). • Умение анализировать и структурировать информацию. • Умение работать в команде и автономно. • Умение работать в стрессовых ситуациях. • Аналитический склад ума, высокий уровень внимания к деталям, умение формулировать проблему четко и лаконично, возможность балансировать между несколькими проектами параллельно, ответственный и ориентированный на результат человек.• Хорошее знание SQL — будет плюсом.• Достойную компенсацию, которая позволит вам сосредоточиться на развитии проекта и своем профессиональном росте. • Официальное трудоустройство. • Сложные и интересные задачи — реальная практика в построении масштабных финансовых сервисов, оптимизация, архитектура и т.п. • Комфортные условия работы — офис со всеми условиями и удобствами, 5 минут от метро Минская. • Гибкий график.• Контроль качества программного обеспечения. • Анализ требований и составление плана тестирования (тест-планы, тест-кейсы). • Выполнение функционального, регрессионного, нагрузочного и стрессового тестирования программного обеспечения. • Обнаружение и документирование багов в баг-трекинге, и мониторинг их исправления. • Работа с проектной командой: PM’s, разработчики и т.д. • Рассмотрение запросов клиентов, которые были переданы через службу клиентской поддержки.
Необходимые навыки About 1 year of experience with REST API testing with tools, like SOAP UI/Postman, RestAssured; About 1 year of experience with Selenium IDE and Web-driver; Understanding of Single Page Application technologies/principles and best SPA testing approaches; Understanding of web applications: JavaScript, AJAX, cookies/sessions, browser differences, web servers; Understanding of XML/Json data format and basic knowledge of HTML/CSS; Knowledge of MS SQL on the level of confidently writing basic commands; Familiarity with Jira, and TestRail; At least advanced level of English; Linux/Unix knowledge to issue commands; A plus would be the knowledge of Java and Java technologies such as Tomcat and Maven; A plus would be the knowledge of AWS cloud technologies; Experience working in a fast-paced agile development environment in a cross functional team; Team player mentality; Readiness to learn new technologies; Detail oriented, very responsive and committed to quality;Обязанности • Participate in complete software development life cycle, with a focus on test case development, white and black box testing, and testing automation • Write and maintain scripts to automate the build, test, and deployment tasks • Development of test harnesses and tools • Review product documentation and write test plans and test cases ensuring adequate testing coverage. • Identify, reproduce, and log detailed bug reports • Perform regression testing, bug verification • Help customers that have issues • Maintain and extend development infrastructure (including source control, issue tracking, installer frameworks) • Perform installation and configuration of application on client environmentsPlease provide your salary requirements. How soon can you join us in case of the offer acceptance?Обязанности • Participate in complete software development life cycle, with a focus on test case development, white and black box testing, and testing automation • Write and maintain scripts to automate the build, test, and deployment tasks • Development of test harnesses and tools • Review product documentation and write test plans and test cases ensuring adequate testing coverage. • Identify, reproduce, and log detailed bug reports • Perform regression testing, bug verification • Help customers that have issues • Maintain and extend development infrastructure (including source control, issue tracking, installer frameworks) • Perform installation and configuration of application on client environmentsPlease provide your salary requirements. How soon can you join us in case of the offer acceptance?
— At least 3-4 years of manual testing experience and 0.5 — 1 year of requirements management/business analysis experience — Hands-on experience of different types of manual software tests execution (smoke/regression/functional/non-functional/performance/load/integration) — Experience with desktop applications and complex B2B/enterprise software solutions testing — Requirements management experience (analyzing, prioritizing, documenting) — An understanding of artificial intelligence and machine learning principles — At least Upper-Intermediate English speaking and writing proficiency (good communication skills). Ability to negotiate effectively with international clients, enough self-confidence and vocabulary to dive deep into client’s processes and collect business and tech requirements in the best way — Team player always ready to help teammates solve technical problems and to assist in improving product quality — Innovative thinker eager to improve business processes through automation and new technologies implementation— Algorithms testing experience or theoretical understanding of how it should be done — Knowledge of data and process modeling — Good understanding of Agile software development approach (Scrum/Kanban) — Hands-on experience with different bug tracking, version control and collaboration tools/systems like GitHub, Jira, Confluence, etc. — Great analytical skills, ability to discover client’s pain points and find ways to make them happy through flawless requirements management — Good communication skills, ability to make complex things simple and easier to understand on both technical and business levels— The opportunity to work with a passionate and experienced international team building great technology products and startups across Europe and the United States — A competitive salary in line with your experience and expertise — Annual bonus based on company, team and personal performance — A truly agile working environment that supports your technical and personal growth — An 8-hour working day (7 working hours + 1-hour lunch break) — Paid time off — Partial fitness and education compensation — Free English classes with native speakers — Coaching and professional growth— Manual testing of RPA solutions (logic, back end, front end, usability) — Preparation of test cases and scenarios — Bug reporting — Communication with clients to analyse their business processes, workflows and product requirements — Documenting, analysing, prioritising and agreeing on requirements and communicating them to the R&D team in a technical and well-structured way — Creation of functional specifications, user stories and flowcharts
- Опыт работы от 1 года; - знания теории и процессов тестирования; - опыт тестирования мобильных приложений - понимание основных принципов тестирования, умение и желание построить процесс - опыт написания test кейсов и чек листов - внимание к деталям - хорошо развитые коммуникативные навыки - опыт работы в команде— опыт работы в игровой индустрии — техническое образование в сфере компьютерных технологий— Конкурентную заработную плату (по результатам собеседования); — Дружный и творческий коллектив; — Гибкий график работы; — Стабильную долгосрочную занятость; — Для студентов возможность совмещать работу и учебу; — 20 рабочих дней оплачиваемого отпуска; — Бонусные поездки на профильные конференции; — Чай, кофе, фрукты, обеды; — Комфортный офис в 5 минутах от метро Научная.Обязанности: - тестирование детских обучающих мобильных приложений - Составление тест кейсов и чек листов - Оптимизация процессов тестирования - Плотное взаимодействие с разработчиками и дизайнерами
A team of driven, creative people who work together to remove any barriers for Wix users in the action of building their websites, so they always have a stunning experience. We do it by asking tough questions, keeping a cross-company perspective, and using state of the art testing methodologies, tools and user data analysis.We’re looking for someone who is passionate about automation and believes that nothing is impossible. This is your opportunity to join a professional team, as well as learn & share knowledge with Wix’s teams around the world.A Senior QA Engineer with at least 4 years of experience as well as 2 years expertise in creating, executing, analyzing and optimizing automated tests. Your web-related knowledge (HTML, CSS, JS, Browser debugging) is impressive. You are skilled in writing clean code and experienced in DB querying languages. Your strong programming and technical skills make you a pro at researching, identifying different types of bugs, root cause analysis as well as solving complex framework problems.You know how to ask the right questions and push back when needed. A Sherlock Holmes style problem solver, you enjoy taking ownership of complicated tasks and leading others in complicated cross-company projects. You’re self-motivated, self-taught and work well in teams as well as independently.Bonus points if you have solid experience in Java, Selenium and web testing.Take part in building our state of the art framework by developing automated test, approaches and testing strategies for new features and continuously ensuring highest stability and coverage for all Wix Products.Join us and make an impact!
Bachelor in Computer Science, Information Systems, Electrical Engineering or equivalent education in the field Experience with automated testing (Python, C, Perl, Unix scripting languages) Strong skills with Linux (RHEL and SUSE) and Windows Web or Wiki development System Administration experience Source Code Management (CVS, Subversion, GIT, others) SAN, Fiber Channel, SCSI, ISCSI, APIs, Ethernet, Raid, Tape Systems Strong technical English written and verbal communication skills.Duties include project analysis, project estimation, test planning, test metrics, reporting, and providing detailed test status. Candidate must be extremely technical with the product to ensure stability and quality across releases. High-level duties include converting test suites to automated standards, creating and designing new test suites, and executing test suites for release qualifications.
— Build managers (Maven, Gradle etc.) — Knowledge of software development life cycle and process for quality assurance guidelines — Experience in automation testing, test documentation creation — Experience working in Unix/Linux/Windows environment at advanced level user — Experience working with JIRA, Confluence — Experience in developing automated tests using Java and Selenium— Experience working in MacOS X environment — Experience working with continuous integration server (Teamcity, Jenkins, etc.) — Experience working with Appium test framework — Experience working with git, REST and Websocket— long-term participation in global projects; — young, friendly and ambitious team; — zero bureaucracy, maximum customer data security; — competitive salary; — modern, comfortable office space in a convenient location (m. Pozniaky); — Macbook Pro and at least one 27″ Thunderbolt display— Design comprehensive test documentation — Develop, maintain and update manual and automated tests — Work with team members to understand features and establish test strategy — Drive software quality assurance lifecycle as part of Agile process — Identify and report project risks — Set up test environment — Express strong desire to join a fast paced team — Exhibit analytical and problem-solving skills and attention to details — Design comprehensive test documentation — Come up with creative solutions to impossible-to-solve problems — Be a team player
Robotframework Selenium Python JenkinsКомфортные условия, интересный проект, дружный коллектив, перспективы роста, кухня, тренажерный зал, современный офис в центре Киева (Подол), терраса под открытым небом, вид из окон на лес, фрукты и прочие плюшки.поддержка готовых сценариев автотестов (Robotframework); создание новых сценариев автотестов (Robotframework) поддержка и расширение автотестов Базовые знания Python + Selenium Управление junior’ом, который занимается ручным тестированием;
• Several years of commercial application testing, write / maintain autotests • Experience with data bases and WEB testing. • Knowledge and experience with testing of mobile applications. • Understanding of developing and testing process. • Software requirements verification and testing. • Test analysis and test documentation. • Working with Bug Tracking systems. • Technical English knowledge, experience with writing documentation in English.• Example of yours tests on GitHub, Bitbucket • Basic DevOPs skills • Experience of any program language (preferably Python), SQL • Knowledge’s in load testing (Soap UI, Locust) • Webinars, conference attending (provide your video)• 8 hours working day / 5 days working week; • Competitive salary rates; • Paid vacations and national holidays; • Friendly team; • Modern office and equipment; • Opportunity for professional and career growth; • Office located by subway.• Excellent communication skills. • Provide and maintain test estimations.
— Знання Life-cycle розробки програмного забезпечення (Web, mobile); — Досвід розробки тестів і функціональної документації (User stories, Use cases); — Досвід тестування Web і мобільних додатків (Android, iOS) від двох років; — Знання англійської (intermediate і вище); — Здатність реєструвати помилки в продукті з докладним описом шляху знаходження помилки; — Уважність до деталей в продукті або в функціоналі, а також у звітах про помилки; — Досвід в розробці ефективних планів тестування та тест-кейсів; — Участь в реалізації та виконанні QA-процедур і Test Strategy; — Досвід роботи з різними методами тестування (зокрема functional testing); — Regression Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT) тощо; — Створення, розробка та виконання тест-кейсів для позитивних і негативних тестувань; — Створення плану тестування для призначеного модуля в складі команди тестування. План тестування, що містить обсяг тестування, вимогу, стратегії і всі обов’язкові ресурси; — Manual testing для всіх сценаріїв на проектах; — Хороші комунікативні навички;— Досвід роботи по Agile, розуміння принципів і основних фреймворків; — Досвід написання тестових скриптів на Selenium або подібних інструментах для автотестування.— Роботу в класному колективі; — Гідну заробітну платню; — Пряме спілкування з клієнтами; — Домашній офіс в центрі міста; — Відмінні можливості і перспективи професійного зростання; — Гнучкий графік роботи; — Можливість вивчення англійської мови в офісі.— Визначати вимоги високого рівня і формалізувати ці вимоги (створювати feature lists, user stories, use cases і activity діаграми); — Тестувати вручну програмне забезпечення (Web- і мобільні додатки); перевірка контролю якості; — Передавати вимоги і звіти про помилки команді web-розробників.
We are looking for a multi-talented QA Engineer to join the team of CleanMyPC. It’s a Windows app which scans the whole PC to clean up junk files, speed it up, and boost its performance.You’ll join a cross-functional team of 5 amazing and truly competent people. You will be the one who fully owns the Quality Assurance process and takes responsibility on that part. So, we’ll expect you to make independent decisions on improving existing process, propose and implement new improvement ideas, think of testing strategy.CleanMyPc is tested with Page Object pattern. Currently we use automation tests written in C#, with TestStack.White framework.Responsibilities— Develop and support testing infrastructure — Estimate, prioritize, plan, and execute testing activities — Test CleanMyPC manually — Test automation development: design, develop and execute automation scripts — Review requirements specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback — Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs — Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test casesRequirements— Minimum 3 years of testing experience — Experience with automation on a commercial project — Strong manual testing skills — Windows platform knowledge — At least Intermediate level of written English — Extremely detail oriented, investigator and troubleshooter — Able to make independent decisions, self-supervisingAs a plus— Experience in setting up QA processes from scratch (including automation) — Experience with C# — Knowledge of Page Object pattern — Experience in testing desktop applications — Experience working in SCRUM teams — Experience with continuous integration using e.g Bamboo, Teamcity etc.We offer excellent benefits, including but not limited to:— Great team — Excellent medical insurance — Office gym — Free English courses — 20 paid vacation days — Equipment of your choice — Sunny, spacious office — 2 anti-stress cats — Lots of opportunities for education and development within the company
On behalf of EFG International, Ciklum is looking for a Manual QA engineer with automation experience to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.Client details: EFG is a worldwide private banking group. The e-business division, located in Geneva, is in charge of a portal hosting all the public web sites of the group, as well as the intranet, extranets and ebanking services. EFG is building a new platform for all the e-business solutions and partnered with blue infinity to deliver a state of the art platform based on Java technologies.Client’s website: efginternational.comResponsibilities ● Ensuring the quality of all products releases is up to a standard agreed and accepted by key stakehold-er; ● Design testing documentation, high quality test scenarios for the future and existing functionality; ● Participate in automation using Java (API Testing) frameworks (also possible to work on JavaScript (Protractor) test automation); ● Actively learn from your colleagues and share your own knowledge and experience with others; ● Maintain good visibility and communication of all testing activities with the team and key stakehold-ers; ● Work in human size intercultural project with opportunities for everyone to work on various technol-ogies and be part of the decisions.Requirements ● Understanding of QA processes, techniques, approaches, methodologies and software development lifecycle, and ability to apply the knowledge into daily operation; ● Experience producing key test assets (requirements gathering, test plans, test reports, checklists, test scenarios, etc.); ● Experience with testing APIs and Backend Services (REST, SOAP); ● 3+ years of manual testing of web applications experience; ● Knowledge of Java (at least theoretical) and desire to write integration automated tests on java (JUn-it, Cucumber); ● Knowledge of Linux is plus; ● Knowledge of SQL (CRUD operations) is plus; ● Higher education (preferable in IT);Personal skills ● English spoken and written on the intermediate level or higher; ● Good verbal and written communication skills; ● High level of attention to details; ● Ability to keep a high level overview of the complete solution and understand the business value; ● Ability to deal with ambiguity and drive independently or collaboratively with team on solutions, positive approach to difficulties and imaginative problem solver.What’s in it for you? ● Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client; ● Competitive salary; ● Possibility to work in a big and successful company; ● Career and professional growth; ● Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation and other social benefits; ● State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good work-ing conditions; ● Variety of knowledge sharing and training opportunities; ● A lot of various technical seminars.About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
• 3+ years of successful relevant experience (software testing); • 1+ years of Automation testing; • Requirements assessment experience; • Cross-browser testing experience (Chrome, Safari, FireFox, IE, etc.); • Good experience with Selenium, SpecFlow, Gherkin, Visual Studio, etc.; • C# writing experience (or proven proficiency in another language); • Agile/Scrum experience is a strong advantage; • Excellent written and oral communication skills in Ukrainian, Russian and English; • TFS 2017 and Visual Studio (VSTS); • Windows: C #, .Net, SQL Server, Entity Framework; • DB: MS SQL Server, LINQ; • Web: Angular, ASP.Net, SQL Server; • Hosted on Azure, AWS; • 2+ years experience in SW Test Automation; • 2+ Good .Net knowledge; • Experience with distributed VCS and team development (prefferably — TFS and GIT).• Good Python knowledge.• Insurance coverage: life, travel and health • Excellent opportunity for professional and personal development • Interesting and diversified projects • Cozy office space for teamwork • Flexible working regime • Extensive training in both core competencies and soft skills • Annual summer training, taken place outside Deloitte premises • Friendly and energetic environment• Analyzing functional requirements needed for Quality Testing; • Planning, developing and coordinating testing activities; • Preparing test strategy, test plan, test scenarios, test cases; • Performing test execution, test analysis and debugging; • Coordinating/engaging build movements to the QA environment; • Owning the testing activities of the assigned project; • Automation scripts development and regression scenarios for applications; • Provide technical support /guidance on QA matters to other members.
— Strong knowledge of manual testing (test cases, test report, bugtracker, check list) — Experience or at least good understanding of Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban) — Basic knowledge of API (tools) — Basic knowledge of Xamarin Cloud — Intermediate English (enough for reading of test documentation) — Great love to testing of mobile applications :)— Basic knowledge of C#/Java (or any other programming language) — Experience in manual testing of mobile applications — QA Automation experience or strong desire to develop in this field— Friendly environment and opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies — Challenge tasks and open communication — Opportunities to create and make decisions: no bureaucracy, no micromanagement— Create and execute test cases — Report and verify bugs to guarantee the quality of the developed solutions — Create reports of test result — Cross-platform testing — Maintain CI
• 1+ years of experience working in teams employing Agile and/or Lean methodologies; • Understanding of Quality Assurance Lifecycle and software development lifecycle; • Experience in creation/maintenance of test documentation; • Experience in web application testing; • Client orientation skills; • Ability to communicate effectively in a team-oriented environment; • Upper intermediate English level.• ISTQB FL Certificate. • 1-year experience in automated testing or finished Automated tests courses; • Experience with WEB API (REST API); • Bachelor degree in Computer Science or similar; • Experience with Jenkins, Selenium Web Driver, Postman, Chrome Dev Tools; • Experience with Relational Databases (SQL); • Knowledge of C# or Typescript / JavaScript.• Competitive salary; • Flexible work schedule and good work conditions, a quick view is just right here; • 15 working days of paid vacation (21 calendar day), 5 half-paid sickness days; • Great corporate events and celebrations; • Professional development program with internal seminars on technical topics; access to the corporate library and much more; • Free English training up to Intermediate level and after intermediate level company provides free English Speaking Club with Native Speaker; • Eco-friendly office with free bike stands.• Develop and execute manual and test cases; • Be a part of development team in all aspects of the development lifecycle from early design feedback, functional automation, reliability, stress, performance, integration testing, through to supporting production issues; • Analyse and report results, track defects, and participate in daily QA activities; • Communicate with the customer; • Bring good mood to work.
Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar; 5+ years commercial software development experience, 3+ years of Python testing automation experience; Practical experience with cross-platform (Linux, Windows, QNX) development and testing desktop or embedded software; Excellent knowledge of continuous integration and test automation frameworks and tools (i.e. Jenkins, GTest, GMock); Experience in issue tracking tools (i.e. Jira); A quality mind-set and profound knowledge of QA best practices; Practical experience with complex data structures like graphs, trees and related algorithms; Basic knowledge of C++ enough for reading the code, building the project, etc.; Excellent collaborative skills; Excellent written and spoken English skills.Working knowledge of embedded software; Experience in working with Gerrit; Knowledge of location based services such as mapping, navigation, GPS; ADAS and Electronic Horizon systems; Analytical approach and problem solving skills; Familiarity with embedded Linux development; Experience in working in the automotive industry; Hands-on experience in vehicle and ADAS signal processing; First experience in sensor data analytics as well as aggregation and manipulation of complex input data.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan); Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place); Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients; Flexible work schedule; 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both; Annual vitaminization program for employees; Relocation assistance; English and German courses; Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract; Corporate leisure activities.As senior QA engineer, you will be responsible for: Continuous delivery: You will provide reliable software releases through all phases of the development cycle; Continuous integration infrastructure: You will design, implement and maintain the continuous integration and test automation infrastructure and constantly optimize it; Test automation: You will write, maintain and execute automated tests, define gates and always keep track of the status; Quality: As our Quality Evangelist, you will teach the team on best practices and assure that we are just shipping products of an excellent quality.
On behalf of VMware, AgileEngine is looking for a Senior Automation QA Engineer to join our team in Kyiv. Do you love to make new things, develop and test cool stuff that will be used by top IT companies? Do you want to learn about new groundbreaking networking and cloud technologies in a hands-on, fun and exhilarating environment? If you want the thrill of your life, want to change the world and work with and learn from a team of rock star QA engineers and developers, then come join us. We pay as much attention to building a culture of fast learning in a fun and trustworthy environment as we do to building and testing our products.● 3+ years of experience in Quality Assurance ● Understanding of object-oriented programming ● Understanding of databases, like MySQL and NoSQL ● Excellent presentation and communications skills combined with the ability to work in a team environment ● Upper-intermediate English ● Experience with Python 3● Experience in Agile/Scrum environment ● Advanced pytest usage ● Basic Javascript knowledge● Interesting projects and challenging tasks ● Flexible work schedule ● Zero bureaucracy ● Friendly team with great corporate culture and mentorship (visit us and see it yourself) ● US democratic management style ● Business trips to the USA, possibility of relocation ● Opportunities for self-realization, professional and career growth ● Cool events and team activities ● Professional seminars and training, professional studying● Write frontend automated tests using Selenium Webdriver ● Write REST and JSON RPC API automated tests ● Define, modify, and execute test plans and regression strategies ● Perform manual and exploratory tests with an automation first mindset ● Perform application testing to ensure program changes are functional and are in compliance with established standards ● Document software issues and enhancement requests and assist development with concise and detailed steps for duplication of the defects found while performing manual functional, integration, and regression tests ● Progressively enhance continuous integration using tools like Jenkins ● Work with all functions to improve overall development and test processes ● Build functional regression testing automation ● Perform load/scale tests ● Work closely with Software and QA Engineers in Kyiv and Palo Alto to jointly deliver a cohesive solution ● Be an advocate for testing software
We are a hardcore research and product development company hungry to build the next generation of smart home security products. Our research organization is focused on applying AI, machine learning, computer vision and intellectual data analysis technology for Ring products. Our product teams cover all aspects of SW development and QA of Ring products and solutions. We are in charge of firmware, hardware, mobile applications and backend development. Our deliverables should meet highest quality standards because Ring products are used by millions of customers around the world.We are looking for a Super Star QA Team Lead, who would build a team of ruthless bug busters, that would keep an eye on one of the products coolest projects in Ukraine — Ring.— Understanding of QA processes, techniques, approaches, methodologies and software development lifecycle, and ability to apply the knowledge into daily operation — Candidate would lead a team of manual QA engineers — Candidate will be responsible for validating the quality of multiple products of the company by establishing a state of the art QA process — Candidate would estimate and allocate required resources to perform full cycle of product’s validation — Candidate would communicate with stakeholders and must be able to provide reports on product’s quality and it’s readiness for production— 3 + years experience in manual testing — 2 + years experience in leading the QA team (5+ people) — Excellent knowledge of testing methodologies — Experience in writing test documentation — Understanding of embedded systems principles — Experience in testing of embedded systems — Advanced level in Unix-based systems — Network principles understanding — Ability to work in a fast-paced work environment in a rapidly growing company — English communication skills (speak, read, write)— Understanding of embedded systems principles — Experience in testing of embedded systems — Experience with automated testing— Working for one of the top product companies in the world: Ring.com — Opportunity to influence the products quality — Challenging tasks — Competitive salary — Relocation bonus — PE accounting and support — 18 paid vacation days per year — Fully equipped A-class office space in the business center (near “Olimpiyska” subway station) — Social package, including gym membership compensation, medical insurance — Free meals, fruits and sweets — Educational possibilities, knowledge hub and free English classes — Career plan, professional growth and quarterly performance reviews
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science / Software engineering / Applied Mathematics or any exact Sciences / Experience QA with 1-2 years of previous experience; Good English level; Excellent learning abilities, responsible, initiator, details oriented, hard-worker, team-player and great communication skills.Experience with web technologies; Experience with testing games; Experience in software testing and writing test documents (STD).High-level compensation and regular performance based salary and career development reviews; Medical insurance (health), employee assistance program; Paid vacation, holidays and sick leaves; Gym 24/7, personal fitness instructor; Massage in the office, personal wellness consultant; English classes with native speakers and partially or fully reimbursed personal trainings and conferences; Referral program; Team building and a lot of fun to take a break, relax, and give you the freedom to think beyond the next line of code.Analyze and clarify requirements; Plan and estimate testing activities; Create test documentation (test cases, checklist, mind map); Perform manual functional, compatibility, usability, and performance testing of games; Report issues, monitor reported issues and verify after they are resolved; Effectively collaborate with team members to achieve the best results; Also, ideas for improving games are welcomed.
• Penetration testing related experience minimum 3 years • Higher education in Computer Science (or related domains) or Security certifications: • Business experience of vulnerability impact and management • Practical knowledge of security testing and exploitation o Web application at minimum (OWASP Top 10), both client and server side, scripting languages (Python, Bash, Powershell, etc.), stand-alone tools (Burp, OWASP Zap, Fiddler, etc.)o Proficient in English (both written and verbal) o Exceptional customer service and positive approach o Target oriented mindset o Ability to break complicated tasks into simple action items• Adhering with team’s core values o Working smart and efficiently, prioritizing multiple tasks o Business enabler, team player, ‘can-do’ approach o Have an ardent desire to continuous education and growth o Motivated, assertive and positive• Penetration testing related experience: o Advantage: being named as a security ‘Hall of Fame’ in a known company/service or publishing CVE o Significant advantage: Presenting at known conferences (Blackhat, Defcon, CCC, etc.) regarding security testing or research projects.• Higher education in Computer Science (or related domains) or Security certifications: o Significant Advantage: Offensive Security (OSCE/P etc.) or GIAC certifications• Business experience of vulnerability impact and management o Advantage: Working with known security score matrix (CVSS 2/3) o Significant advantage: Presenting full scenario of attack (leveraging on multiple vulnerabilities to demonstrate a successful attack)• Practical knowledge of security testing and exploitation o Advantage: Mobile security testing (Android/iOS), Programming language framework (Java, JS, PHP, ), Commercial tools (Nessus, AppScan, etc.) o Significant advantage: Low level programming, RE (IDA Pro, OllyDbg, etc.), Network and OS security testing (Windows Server / RHEL), Cloud security audit (AWS / Azure), developing customized exploitsProfessional growth Educational possibilities Competitive compensation Fully-equipped perfect office space located in the city center (“Palats Sportu” metro station) Warm and friendly attitude to every specialist Possibility to cooperate with a product company• Activities: o Perform security testing on different system and applications, from white / black / gray box point of view and utilize different vulnerabilities, from web applications issues down to OS and network issues, along with cross-security domains such as user management, data confidentiality, monitoring and availability, system integrity and privilege escalation. o Report on the findings to stakeholders including business impact and mitigation plan, prepare demonstrations of successful attacks scenarios to showcase Application Security team’s results o Perform gap analysis while auditing systems to point out non-conformities between required secure configuration and actual state o Utilize free and commercial tools to improve Application Security team’s capabilities in the penetration testing domain • Processes: o Create proper testing process that includes scoping, definition, testing, analysis and reporting stages and improve SLA for covering security tests. o Assist development teams to take responsibility on basic security testing through training. o Develop in-house tools to support reoccurring tests to provide optimal testing of target systems. o Maintain and update relevant system and process documentation and develop ad-hoc reports as needed • Global Security Group: o Cooperate with other teams within Global Security group to achieve mutual goals o Evangelize security within company and be an advocate for customer trust o Represent the security group and form working relations with development teams to promote all Global Security group’s teams.
функциональное тестирование игровой логики и контента разработка систем эмуляции поведения игроков нагрузочное тестирование клиента и сервера игры сбор и анализ статистический данныханалитическое мышление, комплексный подход при решении задач уверенное знание Python или другого скриптового языка не менее двух лет опыта в автоматизации тестирования или разработке ПО Опыт работы на анологичной должности от 4-х летопыт использования pytest опыт нагрузочного тестирования и тестирования защищенности опыт асинхронного программирования (Twisted, asyncio) опыт работы с Linux, RDBMS, C++ знание линейной алгебры опыт в разработке игр увлечённость видеоиграмиработать над проектами в хорошем коллективе среди отличных специалистов доступ к самому современному железу, до его выхода на рынок быть частью международной компании с мировым именем получать отличную зарплату и бонусы за достижения, а также обширный социальный пакет принимать участие в тематических мероприятиях, конференциях и тренингах.Подробнее о том, как Wargaming использует ваши данные, читайте в Wargaming Candidate Privacy Policy legal.ru.wargaming.net/...​didate-privacy-policy-ru
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related field, or equivalent combination of education, training and experience. 3+ years experience with QA Test Engineering: Feature testing, Regression. Experience in Python at least 2 years. Working level of the Bash, Shell and an ability to write/modify scripts. Strong Linux user experience. Automated testing of API’s and backend systems. Understanding of the software development life cycle (SDLC). Experience in usage of the bug tracking systems. Good problem solving skills. Passion for quality assurance.Experience developing Automation scripts in Robot Framework. Knowledge in one of the: Ansible, Chef, Puppet. API testing experience. Embedded product automation in past. Experience with Agile/Scrum development processes in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Written and speaking in English on the working level. Strong communication skills and ability to express yourself clearly across different levels of technical expertise. Up to 5% travel.Challenging tasks with using of modern technologies. Company with good reputation on market since 1992 (cranepi.com.ua), part of Crane Co. (www.craneco.com). Competitive salary, bonus and medical plan. Friendly environment. Learn and Use of English. Flexible working schedule. Lunch Bonus program. Ability to move to USA, Europe. Sport program.Design test plans, scenarios, scripts, or procedures. Experience maintaining test automation, Regression framework. Develop Automation scripts for various device emulators, simulators and controller drivers. Develop testing programs that address areas such as software scenarios, regression testing, negative testing, error or bug retests. Document software defects, using a bug tracking system, and report defects to software developers. Identify, analyze, and document problems with program function, output, online screen, or content. Maintain databases of known test defects. Participate in product design reviews to provide input on functional requirements, product designs, schedules, or potential problems. Participate in product spec reviews, code reviews, design, triage, scheduling, and other product development process. Help improve the team’s test tools and test infrastructure. Perform Debugging and Root Cause Analysis of component failures and customer reported issues
— REST API testing — JavaScript programming — Previous mobile QA experience — Previous Automation experience — Jenkins CI — Git — Jira — macOS — Windows OS — UNIX CLI— Java programming — Ruby scripting — Python Scripting — JMeter testing — Mobile automated framework experience (Appium, Calabash) — Squish experience — Working with a Jabber/XMPP client — Elastic Search queries — Cassandra DBWorking full-time remotely from anywhere you like with the best engineers Training experience of 1 months in our Bucharest office Great compensation and more based on knowledge and experience Making use of the most modern technologies Above average compensation and more based on knowledge and experience 21 vacation days plus summer and winter holiday periods— Design and implement tests in a node.js cucumber harnessed REST API automated test framework; — Checking API and client automation test results and investigating apparent issues, as well as documenting those issues in Jira; — Manually testing client application on a necessity basis; — Designing and running performance tests using JMeter; — Building utility scripts that interface with the backend stack to either provide reports or make synthetic changes for customizing the test environment; — Writing documentation for the created utility scripts and any new tools created; — Supporting the rest of the automation team when they encounter technical issues; — Synchronizing the feature QA team with Backend dev to quicker investigate various issues/bugs; — Ensuring the Backend Automation Jenkins instance is running the tests within parameters.
We are looking for a QA Engineer to assess software quality through testing. You will be responsible for finding and reporting bugs and glitches. In this role, you should have a keen eye for detail and excellent communication skills. If you are also competent in executing test cases and are passionate about quality, we’d like to meet you. Ultimately, you will ensure that our products, applications, and systems work correctly.Required skills: — 1.5+ year experience within software testing — Experience in regression testing — Strong knowledge of testing approaches, techniques and methodologies — Knowledge of testing methodologies and the software development lifecycle — Good analytical skills and attention to details — Experience in technical documentation compiling: test cases, checklists, test lists — Good writing and verbal skills in English — Being self-driven, flexible and able to work independently — Good estimation skills — Good team player— Experience with JIRA tracking system — Experience in an Agile environment — Experience in creation of API/UI automation testing from scratch— Full-time job, competitive salary with regular revision and bonuses — Paid sick leave and vacations — Perspectives on growth in a team according to a personal development plan — Technical and team building training — Working with the first league international clients — A possibility of business trips to our offices in US or Ecuador— Creation and maintenance of test documentation; — Test reporting and bugs tracking; — Perform effective functional and regression testing; — Communication with clients and team members; — Handling several projects (1-2) simultaneously.
• 3+ years experience as a test engineer • Knowledge of software testing processes, alignment with software development methodologies • Good test design skills, solid experience with functional, UI, regression and performance testing • Ability to define and setup testing processes for new project (testing suites, cycles, artifacts) • Documentation, work with Confluence spaces. • Solid experience with test management tools, ability to define appropriate toolset for new project • Good knowledge and understanding of CI/CD • Fluent English and excellent communication skills; • Be familiar with bug-tracking systems (Jira / Redmine)• Experience with Postman/Swagger, RESTful API testing will be a plus • Knowledge of SQL will be a good plus • Experience with Apache NiFi — we hire you right away!• New amazing project and challenging tasks • Young creative team • Freedom in decision-making • Modern office and equipment • Free secured parking • Work remotely whenever you want• Work directly with our front-end and back-end developers in close co-operation • Setup testing process from scratch, suggest testing approches and structure of test suites • Design, implement and execute smart and high-quality test cases & use-cases • Compose testing reports, analyze results and collect quality metrics, defects troubleshooting • Work in agile environment. • Understanding, analysing, negotiating requirements • Writing user documentation • Comunicating with client, understanding client needs and being ready to commit your time and efforts to satisfy themIf you are still reading this — you have to try. Contact us and join the party!
Required skills: — 1+ year of commercial experience in web testing (functional and non-functional) — Strong knowledge of QA methodology — Experience with requirements analysis — Experience in tasks specification — Experience with JIRA — At least Pre-Intermediate level of EnglishPersonal and professional quality requirements: — Well organized and detail-oriented — Good analytical skills and attention to detail — Good communication skills— Experience in e-Commerce projects testing — Test automation as a big plus— Professional growth — 5-day working week, full time workload, flexible working hours — All the legal public holidays are days-off — 20 days paid vacations and 10 days sick leaves — Official employment — Free of charge English classes — Office at the center, metro station University — Tea / coffee / cookies / fruits — Friendly team— Analyze and transform requirements to task specifications — Perform testing — Report defects, monitor reported issues and verify when they are resolved — Effectively collaborate with team members to achieve the best results — Regularly and clearly report status and progress of tasks
Our friendly QA-team is looking for a confident QA Engineer, who wants to develop in client(mobile/web) and API testing, client-server interaction and server-side.Requirements:• Good understanding of client-server architecture. • Understanding special aspects in Web and Mobile testing. • Basic knowledge of SQL. • Knowing and understanding test design techniques. • Experienced with Tools — Charles, TestRail, Swagger, Postman. • Experienced in discovering showstopper defects and find reproduction steps to crashes. • Ability to write QA documentation — Test cases, Check lists. • Solid exploratory testing skills and knowledge to apply the right level of testing for a specific features. • Strong knowledge of testing processes and understanding Agile methodologies. • Self-management skills. • Experience with Version Control System (SVN) — nice to have. • Testing web/mobile applications, social games, casino — nice to have. • Experienced in Java language — nice to have. • Good QA theory knowledge. • Good English, written and spoken.Responsibilities:• Design/maintain and execute test cases/check-lists. • Reporting defects and working with the team to resolve them. • Provide defects root cause analysis. • Conduct functional testing of Web and Mobile application, including both GUI and API tests. • Work closely with all scrum teams/product owners to make sure each release meets high quality standards. • Identify and provide solutions to optimize the current process to assure the right first time on time delivery. • Actively collaborating with developers and business stakeholders to clarify requirements, especially in terms of testability, consistency, and completeness. • Participating proactively in backlog refinement, sprint planning, team retrospectives and other Scrum ceremonies. • Provide impact analysis to measure and control test coverage across all applicable coverage dimensions. • Ensure the appropriate testing tasks are scheduled during release and iteration planning.We offer:• An exciting and challenging job in a dynamic team. • Competitive compensation. • 8-hour working day and 5-day working week. • 20 working days paid vacation. • Medical insurance. • Substantial performance bonuses paid two times a year. • Salary review once a year. • Talented guys around and comfortable working conditions. • Free corporate English trainings. • Professional Trainings. • Cute and funny corporate events.
• Minimum 3+ years of work experience in QA (mobile testing preferred). • Strong self-management skills and team player is a must-have. • Strong knowledge of software testing methodologies and different types of testing. • Expertise in reviewing software requirements and translating them to test documentation. • Hands on experience using Xcode, Android Studio to troubleshoot defects. • Good knowledge of mobile guidelines • Work experience with git, CI, setup local environment • Experience managing tasks and defects using JIRA and Testrail. • A relentless passion for software quality and eye for details. • Good oral and written English communication skills.• Experience in testing web applications. • Work experience in product / startup company. • Good understanding of HTML / CSS, JavaScript. • Work experience with MacOS / Terminal.• Competitive salary. • Product company work experience. • Opportunities for professional development. • Young and motivated team. • Regular interesting corporate events. • Cool and centrally located office with warm atmosphere.
On behalf of CODE Worldwide, Ciklum is looking for an Intern/Junior QA Engineer for our team in Dnipro on a full-time basis.Code (codeworldwide.com) is a digital transformation business. We help our clients to invent a new future for their marketing through data and technology. We work at the intersection of technology, marketing, data, media and user experience. We offer our clients services in Transformation Consultancy, Data Engineering, Customer Experience Management technologies and Marketing Technology.We also develop and maintain our own Forrester-recognised Marketing Technology solution, adZU, which is used by 10,000 businesses worldwide.Our key clients include Best Western, Castrol, Christie’s, Domino’s, Jaguar Land Rover, L’Oreal, Mercedes-Benz, Mothercare, OMD, PHD, Samsung and Telstra. Code has a global presence and employees spanning nine cities, located in the UK, Europe, North America, China, Singapore and Australia. To learn more visit www.codeworldwide.com Code is the data and technology division of Omnicom Precision Marketing Group (OPMG) and provides technology and data innovation to agency brands RAPP, Proximity, Critical Mass, Organic, Javelin and Targetbase.We are also the leading provider of technology and data solutions to Omnicom Media Group and responsible for the development of Omnicom’s integrated technology solution. Culturally, Code is an innovative, fast moving, exciting, occasionally demanding place to work.Responsibilities: • Manual testing of complex software with UI (brand-new software products based on unified platform, new features, bug verification); • Requirement testing, analysis and clarification (direct communication with product owner); • Communication with team and knowledge gaining/sharing.Requirements: • 0,5+ year in QA: • Functional testing of web-applications; • Black box testing (boundary values, equivalence partitioning); • UI/UX Testing; • HTML, CSS-selectors; • SQL. • Excellent knowledge of QA theory.Desirable: • jMeter; • OWASP ZAP.Personal skills: • Self-motivated; • Oriented to long-term life results; • Interested to work with huge systems; • Attentive to details; • Has analytical way of thinking.What’s in it for you?About Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams.Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com (cv@ciklum.com)
Snap Inc. is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Our products empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together.Snapchat is the camera used by over 180 million people every day to Snap with family, watch Stories from friends, see events from around the world, and explore expertly curated content from top publishers. In short, we are a passionate team working hard to build the best platform in the world for communication and storytelling.We are searching for a contract Script & Tools QA Engineer! Working from our Odessa office, you’ll play a key role in building and shaping key features that millions of people use every day. It’s full-time contract position.What you’ll do: • Perform QA for feature and product teams • Test app functionality, usability, hardware/software compatibility • Test rich graphic resources and designs • Participate in release processes for the entire company • Drive bug prioritization and work cross-functionally with engineering/design • Prepare test documentation so as to assist in automation process • Work with Customer Operations and investigate bugs reported by usersWhat we’re looking for: • At least 1.5 years of experience in software QA • Proven experience in testing mobile applications on iOS and Android, web and desktop applications • Knowledge of photo/video editing tools and principles. Experience with 3D animation and/or VFX will be a plus • Good knowledge of popular ALM and bug-tracking systems, such as Atlassian JIRA • Collaboration with colleagues in a distributed product-team environment • Good understanding of software product lifecycle • Ability to investigate GUI-related defects, retrieve logs and provide concise bug reports • Close attention to design and quality of graphical resources • Knowledge of photo/video technologies on iOS and Android • Someone who can work with stakeholders to develop appropriate testing methodologies • Someone who can handle flexible work-hours: full-time, weekends, and late nights as needed. Your typical workday will be around 12 PM — 9 PM • Proficiency in English: advanced verbal and written communication skillsWe offer: • Free lunch in the office • Young and creative team • Career and professional growth • Long-term employment • Paid vacation, sick leave and other social benefits • Various social & team-building activities • Comfortable office in Odessa • Competitive salary • English lessons • Friendly and healthy environmentWe are looking for a person who is as much enthusiastic in his field as we in ours :)
3+ years experience in QA; Good knowledge of testing Mobile platforms, Web, API; Strong knowledge of software testing methods and approaches; Detection, documentation and tracking of defects (bugs); Software development life cycle and software development methodologies understanding; Experience working with Bug Tracking systems such as Jira; Able to prioritize work activities and identify risks to quality or timelines; Strong analytical and investigative problem-solving skills; Great interpersonal and communication skills; Wide outlook in the field of modern mobile devices; Experience with Postman\Swagger or similar; Good linux commands knowledge; Good Android-SDK knowledge; SQL/MongoDB experienceGit; Familiar with Charles/Fiddler traffic sniffing tools; Mobile markets knowledgepossibility to be part of the creative environment and make your input to it; variety of social and professional activities; friendly and warm culture; PE employment; 24 calendar days of vacation paid per year; medical insurance paid after successful trial period; free English courses; documented sick days paid; 3 non-documented sick days paid; breakfasts/fruit/yummies in the kitchenProject requirements analysis; Analysis of usage scenarios; Analysis of the completeness of the test coverage of the code; Preparation of manual and auto-test scenarios; Maintenance of the test documentation; Preparation of test reports; Manual testing of mobile / web applications; Taking part in automated testing; Interaction with the development team: obtaining information, reporting errors found, monitoring their correction
On behalf of Testing Center of Excellence, Ciklum is looking for Middle Mobile QA Engineer, technology experts who want to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership to join Kharkov team on a full-time basis.We are a growing business unit of Ciklum with currently 140 employees, specializing in Software quality assurance. Currently we are dealing with approximately 50 projects simultaneously. Our projects usually last for 6-12 months and our technological focus is mainly on web and mobile technologies. So, you’ll have the opportunity to get frequently in touch with new projects, processes, approaches, technologies, and tools. Through direct knowledge exchange with international clients you are an important contributor in making them successful. Our environment gives you the opportunity to share your professionalism to help team members grow and we support you with training and education in the areas where you want to develop.Responsibilities: • Requirements analysis and processing; • Test cases/checklists and other types of test doсumentation creation; • Estimate the required testing time; • Perform testing activities on several projects, communicate with developers, business analytics and project managers; • Functional and regression tests on Mobile projects; • Test Summary reports preparation.Essential skills: • 3+ years professional experience in QA area; • At least 2 years of real working experience with Mobile(IOS/Android) projects; • At least 1 year of real working experience with Web projects; • Strong understanding of QA Methodologies; • Good experience in working with REST APIs, SoapUI, XML; • Excellent knowledge of bug life cycle; • Excellent Jira skills; • Strong understanding of Agile/Scrum; • Pre-intermediate English communication skills; • Service and teamwork orientation; • BS + in Computer science or relevant.Would be a good plus: • Experience in working on projects with Xamarin platform; • Knowledge of MySQL; • Experience with mobile automation tools (Appium, Robotium etc).Personal skills: • Good analytical skills; • Good team player, motivated to solve complex tasks; • Strong communication and problem solving skills; • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented; • Strong attention to details and accuracy.What’s in it for you? • Very close cooperation with client; • Possibility to propose solutions on a project; • Dynamic and challenging tasks; • Ability to influence project technologies; • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills; • Low bureaucracy, European management style; • Continuous self-improvement; • Trainings; • ISTQB Certification preparation ; • QA knowledge sharing meetings.About Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and „Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to cv@ciklum.com
• Experience in Software Testing from 3 years on automation tester position • Knowledge of Selenium automation tool (web-testing); • Knowledge of main automation design patterns (page object); • Knowledge of Java core; • Linux and network environments (daily work activities); • Knowledge of VCS tools; • SQL ; • Knowledge of continuous integration tools ; • Familiar with TDD approach; • At least Intermediate English written, reading and speaking skills• Analysis of requirements; • Development of positive / negative / boundary scenarios; • Description of automation test cases; • Development and improvements of the framework for the automation of the product; • Setting up a test environment; • Preparation of test data; • Analysis of test coverage; • Writing automated tests, test scripts; • Implementation of automated tests; • Maintenance is already written tests; • Writing documentation; • Analysis of the test suite runs; • Bug reporting, the overall test reports.
— Knowledge of Visual Studio Coded UI — Knowledge of C# or Java — Knowledge of Linux — Very good written and intermediate spoken English— Relevant experience — Knowledge of databases (e.g. Oracle, or an open source type), and SQL languages. — Knowledge of SeleniumA professional environment with great people to work with! Opportunities to make a difference, to develop and grow Work in distributed agile teams with the right processes in place Your opinion matters. You are encouraged to contribute to the processes in the team and the end product architecture Direct cooperation with the customer Regular business trips to work on-site Dedicated HR-client Manager and agile coach to help you succeed Regular performance reviews with the customer facilitated by HR Agile trainings and mentorship programs, various tech trainings, conferences participation and English classes Regular corporate events, team pizza lunches and Friday company breakfasts Competitive salary and benefits package that includes wide medical insurance, 20 vacation days, 10 sick leavesAfter 2-month’ training course you will participate within the Quality Assurance and Automation team to develop test cases, automate test cases and build test harness / test tools.Main responsibilities include: — Develop test framework to automate the tests using Coded UI Automation tool of Visual Studio. — Run the tests. — Creation of functional test cases. — Creation of test reports.
— Опыт автоматизированного тестирования 3+ — Знания теории тестирования — Опыт тестирования web приложений — Опыт проектирования авто-тестов — Тестирование мобильный приложений — Тестирование REST API— OOP, KISS, DRY — Python 3, PyTest, Requests — Selenium Webdriver (Selene) — Docker, Git — Опыт работы с СI — Опыт нагрузочного тестирования— RobotFramework — Apium — Security testingРабота в офисе фуллтайм, гибкий график (Левый берег).Молодой, но дружный коллектив профессионалов.Офисные «плюшки» и корпоративные мероприятия.Обучение и развитие (внутренние soft skills тренинги и внешние конференции и семинары)Высокий уровень оплаты Ваших результатов.
On behalf of Derivco Company, Ciklum is looking for QA Team Lead a to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.About Clientwww.derivco.com | www.microgaming.co.ukWe’re the dev house that provides Microgaming with their exceptional gaming content. We pride ourselves on being at the forefront of industry innovation. Our highly skilled teams of designers, developers, illustrators and animators love nothing more than working with the latest technology and having fun trying out new ideas. The software we produce has enabled Microgaming to become one of the most trusted suppliers of online gaming in the world. We don’t just create software. We create entertainment experiences.Derivco Durban, South Africa www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_uQgB0_hps Derivco Hong Kong www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kywWpYy58Q Our Family Day at Derivco Durban www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2UCbBhI-VgWho are we? Derivco is the Quickfire Team, which falls in part under the Derivco umbrella. We are a fast paced, technologically proficient and exceptionally talented group of people. Our multi-award-winning software platform is technologically diverse and offers challenges in many different areas.The Quickfire platform allows operators to access Microgaming and other cutting edge 3rd party content through a simple and rapid integration process across both the Flash and Mobile platforms. We build leading edge value adds to improve the take up of games by players, via a host of back office marketing, communication and player management tools. Once the initial integration has been completed, operators have access to the largest online Progressive Jackpot Network in the industry, monthly new game releases, Microgaming’s blockbuster slots including Thunderstruck II and licensed products such as Battlestar Galactica™ and Hitman™.ResponsibilitiesWhat will you do? The primary purpose of a functional tester is to ensure the software under test meets the specified requirements and to help create the best experience for our end users, using continually improving testing methodologies and working with other teams to deliver the highest quality.- Participate in Planning and Design sessions - Test Plan Creation/Review/Update using Test Techniques and/or Test templates where relevant - Test Data preparation - Create/Update/Refactor Test Cases/Artifacts to ensure that all necessary scenarios are covered in the designed tests - Completion, review and improvement - Test execution - Prepare software and test environment - Detecte & track defects - Adhere and optimize standards and processesRequirementsWhom are we looking for?Bachelor’s Degree, Diploma OR Equivalent and 5+ years testing experience with exposure to agile testing environmentsThe ability to work independently and collaboratively with the team. Integrity, adaptability and excellent communication skills. A passion for lifelong learning and exceptional problems solving skills. A driven person with good time management and great attention to detail, combined with the ability to deal with ambiguity and drive solutions, independently or collaboratively.Ninja Skills, as below: • Strong testing technical ability across multiple platforms (SQL, Web, Service and Mobile) • Good understanding and use of testing Processes and Techniques, Test Case Design, Test Case Development • Embracing change in a dynamic agile environment • Strong test analysis, preparation and planning skills • The ability to foresee and create improvements to existing testing procedures as needed. • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types (Functional Testing, Blackbox Testing, Smoke Testing, Whitebox Testing, MS Test Manager) • Good understanding of Security Development Lifecycle • Mentoring/Coaching abilityDesirable: • TDD/BDD • Security frameworks e.g. OWASP • Automation ExperienceWhat’s in it for you? • We are always looking for new approaches to take advantage of and are always keen to embrace change! We embrace innovation in everything we do (and hand out some pretty cool prizes for it as well). • We’re convinced that we employ some of the smartest people in the business, so if you like being challenged and feel that you could contribute, we look forward to hearing from you!About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
1. 3+ years in software development on QA/BA role; 2. Bachelor’s/Master’s Degree of Computer Science, Engineering, or comparable field of study; 3. English level Upper-Intermediate or higher; 4. Extensive knowledge of test methodology/test approaches; 5. Comprehensive experience in functional testing; 6. Comprehensive experience in test design; 7. Knowledge of SDLC; 8. Knowledge of JIRA, Confluence, Zephyr; 9. Open and team-minded personality and communicative.1. Knowledge of SQL; 2. Knowledge of any Programming Language.1. Interesting work in growing and developing company with participation in well-funded cutting-edge international projects; 2. Possibility to go ahead with your initiatives and choose technologies for adding new functionality to the project; 3. Flexible arrangements with work hours; 4. Supported with the latest tools and hardware; 5. Comfortable and well-equipped office in the city center; 6. Competitive salary, including annual leave and sick leave; 7. Health insurance; 8. Important family events paid leave, maternity leave help; 9. English lessons provided by the company; 10. Team-building activities; 11. For qualifying employees and projects, there can be opportunities for a temporary work placement in Brisbane, Australia.1. Interface with stackeholder (Australia) to clarify and improve the requirements quality; 2. Test the requirements on compatibility with already developed functional; 3. Interface with the Solutions Owner (Australia) to understand the Business Requirements, Stakeholder Requirements, and Solution Requirements; 4. Review and input into requirements documentation taking into consideration downstream SDLC; 5. Finalise user story acceptance criteria in consultation with other teams, for completeness and consideration of SDLC downstream activities; 6. Review and provide feedback to ensure that the User Experience is aligned with the solution requirements, prior to approval by Solution Owner; 7. Write acceptance test cases aligned to user stories; 8. Review integration test cases aligned to technical design; 9. Apply change requests and feedback from the design team to solution requirements; 10. Ensure that the solution satisfies the functional requirements; 11. Work within defined processes to ensure quality solutions.
As a QA Engineer with GeoGuard, you will test and report on the quality assurance of our software to ensure anti-fraud features are functional and provide great user experience for all our customers. You will continually look for opportunities to improve processes and maintaining open communication with all of your team members.The ideal candidate has at least 2 years’ experience in a similar role, with proven experience in performing both testing and data analytics. You have an intermediate to advanced understanding of the principles of manual testing but have also demonstrated your ability to look beyond testing tasks and think “outside the box” in your past jobs. You have proven to have strong technical skills and are comfortable with Android, iOS, MacOS, and Windows. You also have experience with bug tracking systems and experience in systems used in professional software development such as JIRA is an asset.You are able to, and enjoy, working across multiple teams across locations, have good communication and interpersonal skills. You have proven your ability to work under tight timelines in your previous work experience, and are highly organized and detail-oriented.Your skills & qualifications:— Ability to analyze and interpret complex documents (software requirements and design specifications, standards and regulations) — Completion of relevant technical education — Excellent data analysis skills — Intermediate level of EnglishYour key accountabilities and responsibilities will include (but not limited to):— Develop and maintain test plans, test cases and checklists related to the anti-fraud and compliance — Perform manual acceptance testing of new features ahead of product releases — Ensure future browser and operating system releases will not interfere with fraud detection solutions — Regression testing of old functionalities — Data analysis and visualisation; review production statistics and forecast potential problem areas — Research and investigate new geo-blocking bypass methodologies
• 2+ years of experience in Software Quality Assurance • Experience in API and WEB APP testing • Knowledge of TDD/BDD processes and techniques • Experience with Jira • Experience in Agile(Scrum) methodology • Experience in test documentation creation • Ability to collaborate, act as a team player, communicate across various layers of the organization, and work in cross-functional distributed teams • Intermediate English writing and speaking• Experience in writing scenarios using Gherkin • Knowledge of various testware • Knowledge of Cucumber• New project and challenging tasks • Freedom in decision-making • Friendly professional staff • Plans for growth (during 6 months) and revision of wages after the trial period (3 month) • Participation in educational activities and thematic conference • Corporate events and team buildings • Comfortable workplace • Office 10-minute walk from Kontraktova Ploscha metro station• Requirements analysis and clarification • Perform manual tests, design/improve existing test suites • Create and update test scripts, checklists, reports and other test documentation • Perform product demoAnd also: • Share the responsibility for the quality of your team deliverables • Work in a self-organized agile team to gain necessary input and ensure accurate and complete testing activities within each area and task • Direct communication with Product Owner to establish the tasks and goals for execution • Systematically report status, progress and concerns to product team members and QA Team Lead
Position requirements: — Experience from 1 year (automation) — Scala (or Java) — any scripting language — Shell scripting — Desire to develop tests on Scala — SQL — Git, or any other VCS — Experience working with Agile methodologies — Excellent communication skills and proven ability to work directly with English native speaker customer
On behalf of Mercedes Pay, Ciklum is looking for Senior Automation QA Engineer to join Kyiv team on full-time basis.About Client: Mercedes pay S.A. (paycash.eu) is a young, innovative start-up in the field of mobile/online payment. Our goal is to establish the new standard for payment processes. ‘Mercedes pay’ is the electronic payment system for services provided by the Daimler Group. It is a fundamental component of Daimler’s mobility and digitalization strategy. As a part of the Daimler group, we are ambitious to make the products and services that Daimler offers even more appealing with the new payment system.Become a part of Agile team delivering digital payment platform for Mobile Payment, E-Money Solutions, crypto currencies and Voucher & Loyalty Solutions to serve every kind of business based on modern web Java technologies, such as Java 8, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring Security, Kafka, Discovery, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Gradle etc.Responsibilities: • Develop and improve reliable, scalable and maintainable test automation framework • Create functional automation tests using Java/Kotlin • Create performance tests with Gatling framework • Create and execute test cases (REST API + Web UI Application + DWH) • Analyze requirements and suggest improvements • Plan and estimate automation testing activities in Agile projectRequirements: • At least 4+ years of experience in testing • Good experience in REST API testing • Good experience in Web UI testing • Experience with Java automation is a must • Experience with any BDD framework (Cucumber, JBehave, etc) • Good SQL knowledge • Practical experience with Linux • Good understanding of software testing processes, methodologies and standards • Practical experience with VCS, JIRA, Confluence • Good English skillsPersonal skills: • Ability to adapt quickly to the changes on the project • Proactive person • Attentive to details • Quick learner • Strong team playerDesirable: • Experience with Kotlin • Experience with Docker • Experience with Selenide • Experience of testing of ETL applications • Performance testing experienceWhat’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • Usage of the latest technologies and tools to develop and deliver amazing products • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions • Medical insuranceAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain.As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
— Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related fields — 3+ years of QA experience — manual testing execution and test case documentation — Experience designing and updating test campaigns based on formal/informal requirements — Familiarity with test writing tools like TestRail, HP ALM/QC, TestLink, Confluence — Experience of bug tracking tools like Jira, Bugzilla, HP ALM/QC etc — Experience in Features testing, Bugs testing, Regression testing, System Testing, Performance Testing for web based enterprise applications and products — Awareness of testing techniques like Equivalence partitioning, Boundary value analysis, Decision table testing, Exploratory testing — Comfortable “working virtually” with teammates and customers around the world. We do a lot of Skype and video conferencing — Good proficiency in English languageOur jobs are 100% remote, only full-time You will join the company of 5000+ employees working remotely all over the world Flexible schedule (distribute your 40 working hours during the week in any preferable way!)— Write industry standard defect reports — Defect classification and issue severity rating — Black box and gray box testing — Integration, system, and regression testing — Use case analysis and test case writing — Exploratory testing — Creation and executions of test plans — Agile methodologies e.g. SCRUM — Defect management tools such as JIRA — Customer use cases — Test documentation — Familiarity with ISO 9000, IEEE 730-2014, ISO/IEC/IEEE 29119, CMMi or in another Total Quality Management (TQM) program is a plus
Украинско-немецкая IT компания Quadecco приглашает к сотрудничеству QA / тестировщика с предыдущим опытом тестирования для работы над тестированием вэб и мобильных приложений.Требования: • Опыт в сфере тестирования от года и более • Отличное знание методологий тестирования, современных багтрекинговых систем основ автоматизированного тестирования • Знания ООП, основ HTML, HTTP(S), SQL, JavaScript, Ajax, особенностей мобильных приложений • Опыт в тестировании консольных приложений является плюсом • Английский язык — уровень Intermediate или выше обязателенРезюме с указанием названия вакансии в теме письма присылайте по адресу jobs@quadecco.com Будем рады видеть Вас частью нашей команды.
• Experience in UI/backend test automation with Python, Robot Framework, • Experience with Windows and Linux OS (command line) • Knowledge of testing approaches • English level — Intermediate Strong• Jenkins • Docker • Pycharm IDE knowledge• Competitive salary • Paid sickness leaves • Corporate doctor’s service • Career map and Career Advisor’s support during all period of work • Free professional certification • Free gym• Development of the new automation test cases and maintenance of the existing ones, using Python, Robot Framework • Analysis of requirements • Clarification of requirements • Test designing • Test cases implementation and execution Test • Defects logging
— 1,5+ years experience in Mobile testing; — Any experience with automation testing; — Working with test documentation (Test Plan, Checklist, Test-Case) ; — Knowledge of types and methodologies of software testing ; — Experience with Bug Tracking Systems (Jira, etc) ; — Understanding of software development process; — English — intermediate or higher;— Аs a plus — performance testing; — As a big plus — any experience with automation testing.* Friendly team and open-minded management; * Opportunities for professional development; * Competitive salary and social package; * Centrally located office (Kharkiv, sub. st. Universitet, sub. st. Pushkinskaya)
Требования: Опыт мануального тестирования 1+ года; Опыт написания тестовой документации, тест-кейсов и Bug reports; Базовое понимание HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL; Английский на уровне чтения технической документации.Требования по не техническим навыкам: Способность связно и грамотно излагать свои мысли. В том числе письменно (в основном в виде багрепортов и документации для внутреннего использования); Дотошность и въедливость в тестировании, в сочетании с умением находить общий язык с разработчиками; Желание к самосовершенствованию и изучению новых технологий; Высокая внимательность к деталям, аналитический склад ума; Умение поставить себя на место пользователя.Понимание архитектуры и технологического стека веб-приложений (клиент, протоколы взаимодействия с сервером, веб-сервер, сервера приложений, БД); Опыт автоматизации тестирования для приложений с использованием Selenium RC или WebDriver и др.; Опыт тестирования HTML5 + JS приложений; Linux, git, багтрекеры.Молодой, дружный и веселый коллектив. Полный рабочий день в офисе. Гибкий рабочий график: понедельник-пятница, приходим на работу с 09:00 до 11:00 и соответственно уходим с 18:00 до 20:00. Достойная своевременная зарплата, 2 раза в месяц. Наличие интересных и нетривиальных задач. Компенсация за спорт. Курсы английского. Мощная техника и удобное рабочее место. Развитие и обучение. Чай-кофе-капучино... фрукты и печеньки.Мануальное тестирование интерфейсов WEB-приложений; Составление тестов в соответствии с проектной документацией; Создание тестовой документации; Создание отчетов по результатам тестирования; Активная коммуникация с разработчиками.
— At least 3 years of experience with development automation infrastructure. — Web automation cross browsers testing experience using Selenium — Proven experience with Java (1+ years experience) — Desktop applications automation testing experience. — Experience with CI tools, such as Jenkins — Experience with Junit — Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related degree or equivalent education and experience — Experience with Git Flow methodology — Highly independent, proactive and with the ability to self-learn — Excellent teamwork skills — Upper — Intermediate spoken and written English.— Mobile automation testing experience iOS and Android using Appium- A big advantage! — Understanding of Computer Networks. — Good understanding of OOP — Experience with SQL — Experience with .Net \C# & writing bash scripts — Mobile automated testing with cloud-based service (AWS Device Farm). — Experience with Jira & Confluence — Previous experience in working at startup companies. — Nice to have — Spring boot, MongoDB, Maven, Tomcat, AWS, Javascript, JSON.• Annual bonuses for tasks accomplishment • 20 days paid vacation • Full equipped office in 15 min from Politekhnichnyi Instytut station • Coffee, tea, fruits everyday • Fan zones, happy hours, corporate parties • Flexible and transparent work conditions.— Write complex automated tests using Java/C# for both mobile, desktop and web applications — Use the CI environment, and track bugs and issues — Work closely with the developers and product managers, and be involved in the life cycle of mobile app and other platforms development — Think out of the box to find fast and great solutions for all our automation challenges.
• 1 year of professional experience as QA Engineer/Tester • Knowledge of QA methodologies and testing tools • Experience in preparing of documentation and execution of test cases • Experience with client-server system testing, backend and frontend parts, regression testing, integration testing, usability testing of the application • Experience with JIRA, Agile/Scrum • High level of oral and written English • Team player with good communication skills • Creativity, flexibility and strong analytical skills • Higher education in computer science/technical field (preferred)• Ongoing opportunities in international company • European democratic management style • A competitive salary and individual career planning • Trainings and business trips abroad • English classes • 24 working days paid vacation • Lunch allowance, medical insurance • Office with comfortable workplaces in top class building facilities • 8 hours working day and 5 day working week • Social events for you and your family
On behalf of IntuDigital, Ciklum is looking for a Middle Manual QA Engineer to join Kyiv team on full-time basis.Client details: intuDigital ( intu.co.uk ) owns and operates some of the very best Shopping Centres across the country. With over 20 million sq ft of retail space in 14 centres we attract over 400 million. customer visits a year and reach at least half the UK population. We have an investment plan of £1.2 billion over the next ten years with projects at most of our centres that include increased digital integration.intuDigital owns the digital experience for in-centre and online customers for Intu. We provide an Online Shopping Platform that provides added value to 26 million visitors to intu.co.uk and the Intu App. We are the innovation incubator responsible for interactive experiences while at home or in-centre. The company is a unique environment that embodies a start-up culture with the investment and support of our parent FTSE 100 company.Responsibilities: Your main responsibility will be ensuring the successful and regular delivery of high quality online products based on recognised QA best-practice and innovative flare.The successful candidate will have the opportunity to effect change to the QA environment and work with the development teams to promote stable and regular releases.The QA team will work across the company to ensure: • Every release is fully tested before it’s deployed • Maintain a suit of Test Scenarios, both manual potentially automated • All defects are identified early and accurately and prioritized appropriatelyYou will play a vital role in the team and have responsibility for: • Work closely as part of an agile team using Scrum • Maintain manual test repository for non-automated tests • Identify, prioritize and track defects • Sign off releases through deployment cycle • Identifying improvements to the QA, Support and Release processes.Requirements: • Strong experience writing and preparing test scenarios for Website products • 2+ years of experience working in an Agile Development team • Ability to perform Exploratory testing efficiently • Good communication skills and ability to express yourself clearly across different levels of technical expertise • Have strong influencing and negotiating skills • BSc in Computer Science or TechnologyDesired Skills: • Experience with JIRA, TestLink, QFTest • Automated testing of online websites and applications • Selenium RC experience in PHP/Python/Java • Familiarity across the LAMP development stack • ISEB/ISTQB Foundation or equivalent certificate • Release, change or configuration experienceWhat’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • A challenging function, with a lot of responsibility in a unique dynamic environment • Work with the latest technologies • Work with skilled and professional team mates • Competitive salaryAbout Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams.Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com (cv@ciklum.com)
Currently we’re looking to hire a passionate QA Intern to improve product quality by testing new features and automating the testing process.Your Competency Profile:📌 Passion for QA field and knowledge of QA theory; 📌 Technical degree and mindset; 📌 Basic knowledge of web technologies (http[s], API, JS, HTML, CSS); 📌 Basic experience with Linux/MacOS, Windows; 📌 Experience in QA will be a plus; 📌 B1 level of English; 📌 Possibility to work remotely.📌 Work in the same office with easy-going and open-minded people from all over the world 📌 Easy-to-reach location in the city centre 📌 Active office life with biweekly gatherings 📌 Monthly bonus for self-development on Preply.com 📌 Strong financial package, paid vacation and sick leave 📌 Possibility to become a part of a truly big story at the start of its developmentChoose Preply as your fastest way to grow in the most international company in Kyiv!Your Expected Outcomes:📌 Helping QA team with testing new features, regression, functional testing; 📌 The investigation of defects and the cause of their passage to one or another stage; 📌 Automation of the test process; 📌 Active participating on Agile meetings.
On behalf of ADF Solutions, Ciklum is looking for Manual QA Engineer to join the Dnipro team on full-time basis. Join the leading software provider of software applications for defense and law enforcement agencies worldwide. Work in the challenging fields of computer security, computer forensics, and tactical site exploitation of computers and phones. Join the leading software product developer of applications for defense and law enforcement agencies worldwide. Work in the challenging fields of computer security, computer forensics, and tactical site exploitation of computers and smartphones.Requirements: • 2+ year of experience as a manual tester of desktop applications; • Experience in executing manual test plans and carefully documenting results; • Experience in creating test cases from functional and technical requirements; • Good written and spoken English; • Experience with computer security/computer forensic is a plus; • Experience with SQL is a plus; • Experience with GUI usability testing is a plus; • Experience with SCRUM is a plus.Responsibilities: • Review and understand test plans and common use cases of our products; • Execute test plans and meticulously document results and anomalies; • Improve test cases and test data; • Help reproduce bugs reported by users to help development team fix them; • Assess product usability.Desirable: • Fluent English communication.What’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client ; • Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities; • Competitive salary; • State of the art, cool, centrally located office with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions.About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team! Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us!
— 1+ year of professional experience in Quality Assurance/Testing of web, mobile and business applications; — Experience in testing/bug reporting/creation of test cases; — Experience in writing testing/technical documentation; — Basic knowledge of SQL, XML, HTML; — Understanding of web based application technology and architecture; — Understanding of relational databases; — Understanding of test design techniques; — Intermediate or higher level of written and spoken English.Technical education (computer science, applied linguistics or similar) is preferable; The candidate should have analytical skills, sense of responsibility, self-organization, self-improvement potential, excellent attention to details, and be a good team player!— Competitive compensation based on experience and skills; — Opportunities for professional growth; — Participation in seminars, trainings, and conferences; — Paid vacation (24 calendar days) and sick leave; — Flexible working schedule; — Free English classes; — Medical insurance; — Free yoga classes, massage; — Corporate and social events.— Testing of Web&Mobile applications; — Test documentation management; — Analysis of results; — Bug reporting; — Collaboration with developers.
• Strong experience in software testing and quality assurance (3+ years) • Good knowledge of software testing methodologies and procedures and a fair understanding of software development lifecycle • At least 1 year of experience in native mobile apps testing and web software testing through UI and API • Good spoken and written English • Practical experience with Fiddler, Wireshark or other sniffers • Good attention to details, sense of curiosity, willingness to take responsibility and show initiative and good communication skills are your most valuable personal tools in order to succeed here • Ability to learn quickly and willingness to continuously improve yourself • Self-motivated proactive personality with positive attitude • Excellent problem-solving skills, detail-oriented • Passionate about quality• Work experience in gambling/gaming industry • Experience in using test automation tools • Higher education in the field of IT • Education in the field of Quality Assurance• Possibility to cooperate with a product company • Educational possibilities • Competitive compensation • Fully-equipped perfect office space located in the city center (“Palats Sportu” metro station) • Warm and friendly attitude to every specialist • Professional growth• Taking part of our everyday QA processes, which include test planning, system testing, test automation, troubleshooting and support activities • Daily collaboration with many stakeholders such as solution managers, project managers and other QA team members • Since we want to avoid routine at any cost, we have implemented several methods to eliminate most of it. For this purpose, you will be automating your tests in order to allow yourself to work more on fresh and challenging projects • Communicating with Playtech employees from all over the world in English on daily basis • Analysis of system requirements and producing testing specifications from systems requirements • Creation of Test Cases, Test Reports • Communication with internal development teams regarding requirements clarifications and quality expectations • Manual system and regression testing of web and mobile applications • Estimation of risks and testing efforts for the project • Constantly learn from experience and be proactive
• BSC/MS in Software Engineering, Computer or Applied Science • Strong experience in software testing and quality assurance (3+ years) of backend systems • 2-3 years of experience with Client/Server applications • Experience working in Linux\Unix and Windows environments • Experience in testing micro services with Docker • Understanding of JSON and XML data formats • Experience in working with websokets and requests simulators • Knowledge of Unix shell commands (basic level) • Self-motivated proactive personality with positive attitude • Good knowledge of software testing methodologies and procedures • Practical experience in Agile/Scrum development processes (Jira) • Good written and spoken English • Excellent problem-solving skills, quality geek (detail-orientated) • Basic knowledge of networking protocols • Passionate about software testing• Professional growth • Educational possibilities • Competitive compensation • Fully-equipped perfect office space located in the city center (“Palats Sportu” metro station) • Warm and friendly attitude to every specialist • Possibility to cooperate with a product company• Analysis of system requirements and producing testing specifications from systems requirements • Creation of Test Cases, Test Reports • Communication with internal development teams regarding requirements clarifications and quality expectations • Manual testing of web and mobile applications for various Playtech Open Platform integrations • Perform regression testing • Estimation of testing efforts for the project • Constantly learn from experience and be proactive
On behalf of Ciklum New Client, we are looking for experienced Mobile QA Engineer to join Kyiv team on full-time basis and to help create awesome games at a company that puts quality at the front. Client Details: Our client is a Tel Aviv based game development company. They produced different social games for iOS, Android and Facebook. Have more than 1 million users. Their goal is to develop top quality casual games and connect people, friends and players from all over the world. They have very good positions on the market, high quality, they care about user experience, do a lot of analysis, company has good revenue grows. With More than 1M Daily Active Users and over 60 Million downloads, their main game is a Top 10 most grossing game in over 60 countries, kept its place as a top grossing game in every country it was officially launched.We follow our belief that reaching success comes from setting high standards and striving to be the best at all we do: ● Stunning art ● Fun game play ● Marketing expertise ● Data science ● Advanced technology ● No compromises on qualityResponsibilities: • Writing and working with test case documentation. • Working with in-house backend and BI systems. • Working with in-house and external test tools. • Manual exploratory and regression testing. • Working in kiev based cross functional teams that also include Unity game developers and Backend developers.Requirements: • At least 1 year of experience performing mobile QA. • At least 1 year of experience writing and working with test case documentation (STD). • Details oriented person. • Bonus points for familiarity with gaming.What’s in it for you?• Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • A challenging function, with a lot of responsibility in a unique dynamic environment • Work with the latest technologies. • Work with skilled and professional team mates. Collaborating together to create awesome games served to tens of millions of players. • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions • Competitive salaryAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team! Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
Requirements: — Student or high-school graduate; — Previous experience in QA/QC is a plus; — At least intermediate English; — Knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook); — Patience and calm; — Good interpersonal and communication skills; — Ability to work as part of a team; — Creativity, initiative, and curiosity; — Passion for games (knowledge of game styles and gaming experiences) — Basic knowledge in the areas of PC gaming and hardwareConditions and benefits: — International, AAA game projects — Proficient and fun-to-work-with colleagues — Medical and life insurance — English classes or French classes — Opportunity to travel and meet your colleagues from all over the worldOne of your main responsibilities will be to make sure that millions of end-users will enjoy high quality and bug-free products. You will perform a detective work for the development team by using scientific and logic methods.You will assure the fact that the product you are responsible of raises itself to the high internal and external standards of the company, by checking that a sum of well-defined criteria is fulfilled. Computers, video game consoles, and controllers will be your main tools for this purpose.What’s in it for you: — A unique chance to work in New IP and Brand development projects
• 4+ years of experience as Automation Tester; • Good understanding and experience in Java programing language; • Experience in JBehave automation framework and Serenity for tests writing; • NeoLoad tool usage experience for stress testing; • Good understanding of BDD methodologies; • Strong customer focus, excellent problem solving and analytical skills; • Being a fast learner; • Stress resistance; • Goal orientation; • Excellence driven attitude; • Best practices and production ready code is a must; • SQL skills would be a plus; • Excellent verbal and written communication skills; • English level B2 or higher.• Competitive compensation depending on experience and skills; • Individual career path in engineering; • Social package — medical insurance, sports; • Sick leave and regular vacation; • Partial coverage of costs for certification and IT conferences; • English classes with certified English teachers; • We offer the possibility to work on full product lifecycle —from concept to delivery into production; • We offer mentorship program; • We offer guaranteed professional growth through the technology trainings and technology communities inside EPAM; • We are proactive Agile/Scrum/XP practitioners.
— Опыт мануального тестирования веб приложений; — Опыт составления тест кейсов; — Хороший английский на разговорном уровне и уровне понимания и чтения документации. Английский понадобится тебе и в общении с клиентом, и его представителями.Совсем хорошо будет, если у тебя есть базовые понятия о статистике и статистических данных, но принципиальным моментом это не является (курс математической статистики в университете прекрасно подойдет).Твое место работы первые несколько месяцев будет располагаться в столице живописного и прекрасного Омана — городе Мускате. В отличии от большинства ближневосточных стран, Оман не является непроходимой пустыней — Оман гористый, обладает большой и долгой историей (достаточно сказать, что остров Мадагаскар достаточно долгое время являлся провинцией Омана), хорошо развит и не является настолько раскрученным хабом для иностранцев как ОАЭ или Катар. В Омане прекрасные естественные пляжи, которые lonely planet внесла в список 10 красивейших пляжей мира, прекрасные возможности для треккинга и походов в горах, хорошо развитая инфраструктура, и высокий уровень жизни. Летом в Омане не так невыносимо жарко, как в ОАЭ и Катре, за счет естественных горных массивов задерживающих потоки ветра с Оманского залива.Что мы предлагаем с нашей стороны: — Два перелета в месяц по маршруту Оман — точка твоего назначения — Оман за счет компании; — Проживание в комфортабельной квартире, в жилом городке для экспатов, с бассейном, барами, теннисным кортом и футбольным полем на территории городка (Dolphin Village, Muscat, Oman); — Автомобиль за счет компании; — В пределах выделенного количества перелетов — ты можешь привезти свою семью, мы окажем всяческую поддержку (скажем тебе выделено два перелета по маршруту Оман — Киев — Оман в месяц, ты можешь использовать эти перелеты сам, либо например дать их использовать своей супруге, подруге, или ребенку); — Полная административная поддержка: виза, поддержка на месте, организация твоего быта и проживания; — Медицинская страховка; — Возможность продолжить работу с нами уже в Киеве или в других наших международных проектах; — Компания построена по совершенно другим принципам, чем любая другая компания в Украине — мы не имеем вертикальной структуры, мы концентрируемся на результатах, а не процедурах, у нас все равны — и СЕО, и уборщица. Мы не строим стен внутри себя, и не строим стен наружу. Мы простые и понятные.
Experience of testing windows application Ability to understand complex SW systems Good self-learning skills Self-motivated and High motivation Very good EnglishSQL scripts knowledge C# knowledgeHigh salary Interesting and challenging work in a dynamically developing company; Exciting projects involving newest technologies; Professional development opportunities; Modern and comfortable office facilities with perfect location in BC “Gulliver”, in the center of Kyiv.
On behalf of Derivco Company Ciklum is looking for a Middle Tester to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.About Client: www.derivco.com | www.microgaming.co.uk We’re the dev house that provides Microgaming with their exceptional gaming content. We pride ourselves on being at the forefront of industry innovation. Our highly skilled teams of designers, developers, illustrators and animators love nothing more than working with the latest technology and having fun trying out new ideas. The software we produce has enabled Microgaming to become one of the most trusted suppliers of online gaming in the world. We don’t just create software. We create entertainment experiences.Derivco Durban, South Africa www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_uQgB0_hps Derivco Hong Kong www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kywWpYy58Q Our Family Day at Derivco Durban www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2UCbBhI-VgWho are we? We are the Quickfire Team, which falls in part under the Derivco umbrella. We are a fast paced, technologically proficient and exceptionally talented group of people. Our multi-award-winning software platform is technologically diverse and offers challenges in many different areas.The Quickfire platform allows operators to access Microgaming and other cutting edge 3rd party content through a simple and rapid integration process across both the Flash and Mobile platforms. We build leading edge value adds to improve the take up of games by players, via a host of back office marketing, communication and player management tools. Once the initial integration has been completed, operators have access to the largest online Progressive Jackpot Network in the industry, monthly new game releases, Microgaming’s blockbuster slots including Thunderstruck II and licensed products such as Battlestar Galactica™ and Hitman™.Responsibilities:What will you do?The primary purpose of a functional tester is to ensure the software under test meets the specified requirements and to help create the best experience for our end users, using continually improving testing methodologies and working with other teams to deliver the highest quality.• Participate in Planning and Design sessions • Test Plan Creation/Review/Update using Test Techniques and/or Test templates where relevant • Test Data preparation • Create/Update/Refactor Test Cases/Artifacts to ensure that all necessary scenarios are covered in the designed tests • Completion, review and improvement • Test execution • Prepare software and test environment • Detecte & track defects • Adhere and optimise standards and processesRequirements:Whom are we looking for?The ability to work independently and collaboratively with the team. Integrity, adaptability and excellent communication skills. A passion for lifelong learning and exceptional problems solving skills. A driven person with good time management and great attention to detail, combined with the ability to deal with ambiguity and drive solutions, independently or collaboratively.Skills, as below: • Strong testing technical ability across multiple platforms (SQL, Web, Service and Mobile) • Good understanding and use of testing Processes and Techniques, Test Case Design, Test Case Development • Embracing change in a dynamic agile environment • Strong test analysis, preparation and planning skills • The ability to foresee and create improvements to existing testing procedures as needed. • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types (Functional Testing, Blackbox Testing, Smoke Testing, Whitebox Testing, MS Test Manager) • Mentoring/Coaching abilityDesirable: • TDD/BDD • Automation ExperienceWhat’s in it for you? • We are always looking for new approaches to take advantage of and are always keen to embrace change! We embrace innovation in everything we do (and hand out some pretty cool prizes for it as well). • We’re convinced that we employ some of the smartest people in the business, so if you like being challenged and feel that you could contribute, we look forward to hearing from you!About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
Jooble (jooble.org) — поисковик вакансий в Интернете.Мы работаем в 66 странах и каждый день нашим сервисом пользуется более 1 миллиона пользователей со всего мира: ищут вакансии, отправляют резюме, собирают информацию о потенциальных работодателях.Мы верим, что для каждого человека в мире есть идеальная для него работа, и наша цель — помочь ему ее найти. Для того, чтобы преуспеть в нашей миссии, мы ищем талантливых и увлеченных людей, которые, работая вместе, смогут создать лучший сервис для соискателей.О Вашей работе: В роли QA Engineer Вы сможете влиять на процесс обеспечения качества продукта, которым пользуются сотни тысяч людей, участвовать в непрерывном совершенствовании процессов тестирования.Необходимые знания и навыки: • Высшее образование в сфере компьютерных наук, информационных систем (бакалавр/магистр); • Опыт коммерческой работы в роли тестировщика не менее 2 лет, исключая курсы и фриланс; • Ведение документации: составление тест-кейсов, пользовательских сценариев, чек-листов. Умение грамотно описать баг репорт и вести жизненный цикл бага; • Опыт использования bug-tracking систем (Jira/Redmine); • Хорошие знания SQL; • Опыт тестирования Web, API; • Опыт работы с Postman/Swagger; • Использование систем контроля версий: Git, SVN.Будет плюсом: • CI/CD: TeamCity, Jenkins; • Опыт работы з WebDriver+C#, RabbitMQ, Redis; • Наличие опыта работы в Scrum команде;Обязанности: • Анализ требований; • Планирование процесса тестирования, оценка времени; • Тестирование задач; • Написание тестовых артефактов; • Контроль релиза сайта.Мы предлагаем: • Работу в Scrum команде, где голос каждого разработчика влияет на наш продукт, вне зависимости от его стажа работы в компании или других регалий; • Конкурентную заработную плату с корреляцией по отношению к квалификации; • Возможность подстроить рабочий график под максимально удобный ритм; • Возможность изучать/совершенствовать навыки владения английским языком; • Удобное месторасположение офиса, шаговая доступность от метро Кловская; • Возможность посещать профильные мероприятия, как в рамках Украины, так и за её пределами;Мы ценим в нашей команде открытость, как умение всегда говорить, что думаешь; инновационность, как желание постоянно экспериментировать; драйв, как умение получать удовольствие от того, что делаешь. Если ты разделяешь наши взгляды — отправляй свое резюме на почту omd@jooble.com
World of Tanks Kyiv is looking for a Game QA Automation Engineer to join the Team on a full-time basis. As an QA Engineer you will be focusing on testing of new features and modes for World of Tanks. It will span across all of the game components and systems and cover all phases of development cycle. You will be a part of cross-functional development team whose goal is to flesh out the vision into a product in the Happy Players’ hands.Please see Wargaming Candidate Privacy Policy for details on how Wargaming uses your personal data legal.eu.wargaming.net/...​candidate-privacy-policy
We are looking for a Test Engineer, who is ready for professional growth, proactive and self-managed.The project assumes development of series of products for to modeling room. Those products give opportunity easy and fast to create design room using 2D and 3D views, save images, video or doing render and getting detail draftsmanships with a cost estimate of the project and the list used material and objects.Technologies: .Net stack, ASP.Net, WPF, WinForm, C++, Vanilla JS, Unity, VR, AR, TeamCity. Platforms: Windows, Android, IOS, Web. Testing: manual & automation testing of web, mobile, and desktop Schedule: Working hours (40h/week) with 9:00 to 18:00Required skills: Basic knowledge of software testing theory and ability to use it in practice; Ability to handle several Tasks; Attention to details; Good communication skills, team working; Intermediate level of English and higher; Enjoy working as a part of the team; Ready to face new challenges and to learn smth new.Responsibilities: 1+ years of experience in QA/QC; Manual testing of Web/Mobile/Desktop/VR/AR applications; Regression, sanity, smoke, performance testing ... Development, execution, and maintenance of detailed and well-structured related test documentation (test cases, checklists, reature request and feature overviews); Exploratory/ad-hoc testing; Detect, report, and track software defects; Verification of bug fixes; Performing regression testing when bugs are resolved; Interaction with other members of the company.We offer:• full 8-hour day• official employment;• worthy and timely pay;• friendly team;• professional atmosphere;• team buildings;• comfortable workplace.
B.Sc. in Computer Science/Exact Sciences or Practical Engineering degree; At least 2 years of experience in testing web applications and Client/Server applications (APIs); Experience in writing test documents (STD) — a must; Experience in writing basic SQL queries — an advantage; English level — Upper-intermediate; Strong technical skills, ability to deep dive into complex problems & find their root cause; Hard-worker, responsible, details oriented, initiator, excellent learning abilities, great communication and interpersonal skills.High-level compensation and regular performance based salary and career development reviews; Medical insurance (health), employee assistance program; Paid vacation, holidays and sick leaves; Gym 24/7, personal fitness instructor; Massage in the office, personal wellness consultant; English classes with native speakers and partially or fully reimbursed personal trainings and conferences; Referral program; Team building and a lot of fun to take a break, relax, and give you the freedom to think beyond the next line of code.
— Java core basics knowledge — Testing automation with Java/JUnit experience — Understanding how to work with XML data — SQL knowledge — RESTful api testing experience — Basic bash shell (UNIX) command — Procesasing flow understanding and testing experience — Good to know BDD/BDT testing approach (aka Gherkin)— An exciting and challenging job in a dynamic team — An opportunity to be innovative and to learn — High salary and attractive compensation package— Manual testing and testing automation cloud-based applications — Automation using Java (serenity framework) — Test Data preparation (files, DB, json, xml, etc) — Creation issues and folow its lifecycle — Be effective member of SCRUM team
• Solid skills in C# and OOP. • Strong experience with continuous integration processes and tools. • Experience of working with version control systems. • In-depth knowledge of test automation approaches and procedures. • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types. • Understanding of Agile/Scrum. • Good English skills — Upper-Intermediate and above. Desirable • Knowledge of such automated testing tool as Ranorex Studio • C++, Qt, XPath knowledge is highly desirable • Experience with Desktop automation• An exciting and challenging job in a dynamic team • An opportunity to be innovative and to learn • High salary and attractive compensation package• Main areas are to write and update automation test cases. • Test data and test environment preparations. • Integrating automated testing into CI process. • Daily work with customer
— Minimum 1,5 year of experience in QA in Automation testing; — Experience in creation/maintenance of test documentation; — Upper-Іntermediate English level; — Experience with Selenium Webdriver; — Knowledge of API testing; — SQL skills; — Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes.— Experience in Agile and Scrum; — Experience in Docker;— Great motivated Team; — Comfortable office near Lviv city center; — Paid vacation and sickness leaves; — Lunch and coffee provided free by the company; — 40 working hours per week (Monday-Friday, 8 hours per day with flexible scheduling); — Corporate events and celebrations; — Working with latest technologies.— The main goal is to implement automation from scratch. — Support of test documentation(test reports, bug reports) — Work with manual QA — Attend all required meeting due to Scrum process. Take active part in grooming and planning sessions;
On behalf of GuardiCore, Ciklum is looking for a Senior Automation Engineer to join a new team in Kyiv on a full-time basis. We are aiming as high as possible, building a market leader. Build your career with us. Guardicore has raised $48M from some of the world’s top investors with an intention to build a long-term market leader. The market we are attacking is estimated at $1.5B and it is only starting to happen now. We are ready with the right product, the right team and on the perfect timing to take this market. This is a great opportunity to develop yourself professionally and personally by joining a hell-of-a-ride, from a small startup to a market, Billion-Dollar, leader We’re a global team of innovators passionate about security, and hungry to make an impact. We’re changing the way organizations protect their data centers and clouds from advanced threats — and that starts with our people. Our team boasts some of the most talented and experienced cyber security and data center experts in the field. Not to mention the Guardi-dogs. We’re always looking for new people to challenge us, inspire us, and make us better. Sounds like you? www.glassdoor.com/...​ore-EI_IE941664.11,21.htm What do you want to deal with? We are solving a few of the most complex technological problems out there and building the market’s most comprehensive Data Centers cyber security solution. SC Magazine described our product as “5 stars, no Weaknesses product”. We work in small teams to allow each to make a real impact on what our future product will look like. Our company is heaven for techies. We have it all: low level kernel development, high-performance backend, reverse engineering and algorithmic research.Responsibilities: • Automation of production infrastructure • Development of mass deployment of the GuardiCore components in customers environment • Designing, developing and maintaining the CI/CD inside GuardiCore • Work and support of a containerized environment • Development of testing beds and simulators for mimicking state-of-the-art customer networks with scale and cost constraints • Develop development tools for enabling the rest of the development inside GuardiCoreRequirements: • 2 years of hands-on experience with Python • 3 years experience with automation development • Configuration management tools such as Ansible and ChefDesirable: • Cloud computing and Virtualization: VMware, AWS, GCP, Docker • CI build tools (Jenkins, Pipelines, etc.)What’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • Become a part of the most talented and experienced cyber security and data center experts in the field. • Great opportunity to develop yourself professionally and personally by joining a hell-of-a-ride, from a small startup to a market, Billion-Dollar, leader • Competitive salary • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditionsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team! Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
Experience with VM, IIS, CMS Understanding of the principles of client-server applications Ability to work in a team and independently English proficiency Intermediate and aboveBasic knowledge of Windows administration Experience in working with SharePoint and Project Server Experience in automated testingTo take part in testing of large Enterprise products An opportunity for self-realization and professional growth Work in the team of professionals Flexible working schedule Competitive salary Convenient location (a few minutes from a subway station) Paid sick-leave, 24 days of vacation, public holidays are a day off Comfortable working environment, free coffee and cookies Corporate health insurance Compensation for trainings and English courses Corporate events, team buildingTesting )
1+ years working experience in software quality assurance; Experience in testing Mobile(for iOS and Android platforms)/Web applications and Web services; Understanding mobile testing specifics, knowledge of UI guidelines, hands-on experience releasing mobile apps to App/Play stores Adb/X-Code/Android SDK practical knowledge on a level required to perform day-to-day testing tasks (debugging, checking logs, applications installation, etc.) Understanding of the way Web works — HTTP, AJAX, JSON, etc. Experience or good understanding with backend testing; Experience with any bug tracking tool; Programming knowledge will be a good plus; Demonstrates analytical thinking, strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail; Self-motivated, able to work independently and handle multiple projects in a very fast-paced environment; Good communication skills.Flexible schedule (starting at 9:30 am to 12:30 pm, 8-hour workday); Unique work environment where you can be a part of creating a new and innovative product; Work with high-profile customers; Friendly multi-cultural team; Competitive salary & career growth opportunities; Great office environment conveniently located in Central Kyiv.Create and execute manual test cases; Analyze requirements and suggest improvements; Writing and support excellent bug descriptions.
Communication skill and good developed personal emotional intelligence Strong knowledge of testing theory (Test to check theory) For practice review QA can make bug report Basic knowledge of OOP Strong knowledge of SDLC Knowledge of Android / IOS Guidelines Knowledge of a structure and ability to write Test Cases, Bug Reports, Checklists English upper intermediate 0,5 year of experience in testing18 working days of paid vacation, paid sick leave Individual approach to professional and career growth Flexible working schedule Comfortable workplace Competitive salary according to the qualifications Corporate leisure activities
— Minimum 1 year of experience in QA in manual testing of web-products; — Experience in creation/maintenance of test documentation; — Upper-Іntermediate English level; — Working knowledge of web testing tools and any of mobile analyzing tools (e.g. Web Developer Tools; Fiddler); — SQL skills; — Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes.— Knowledge of REST API; — Experience in Agile and Scrum; — Interest in automation testing.— Great motivated Team; — Comfortable office near Lviv city center; — Paid vacation and sickness leaves; — Lunch and coffee provided free by the company; — 40 working hours per week (Monday-Friday, 8 hours per day with flexible scheduling); — Corporate events and celebrations; — Working with latest technologies.— Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs; — Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured bug reports; — Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved; — Create new and update existing test cases regularly (TestLodge); — Review requirements specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback; — Attend all required meeting due to Scrum process. Take active part in grooming and planning sessions;
— 4+ years of experience in automated testing, at least 1 year with C# — Experience with NUnit — Experience with testing complex service-oriented systems, API testing — SOAP, REST services — Good spoken English— Experience in JMeter — Experience with Selenium— Already successful, long-term and the fastest-growing project known in Western Europe — Direct cooperation with the product without intrusive management — Business trips, yearly customer bonus for attending conferences and self-education — Competitive salary and excellent working conditions (NOT an openspace) — A dynamic and energetic working environment that grants ample room to take initiative and responsibility — Paid 20 days of vacation per year, paid sick days — Your bookkeeping and accounting will be maintained by professional accounting company with personal support from lawyers and attorneys included — Brand new spacious and cozy office in the center of Kharkov — you’ll definitely love it! — English courses, library, massage right in the office — Attendance at conferences and tech events in Ukraine and over Europe — Informal and cooperative atmosphere prevails in our organization— Creation of automated tests with C# and NUnit — Manual testing with SoapUI and Postman — Support of test documentation(test cases, bug reports) — Extending and maintaining the existing testing framework — Bugs reporting and bug fix verification — Participation in user stories refinements — Interacting with other distributed teams of this product
— C# intermediate or higher — Good understanding of OOP, design patterns and clean code creation rules — NUnit/MSTest, implementation of DDT with one of that unit testing frameworks — Experience in BDD (SpecFlow use) — Selenium WD — intermediate or higher, experience in cross-browser testing, experience in UI tests stabilization — API testing — work with RestSharp, serialization/deserialization in .NET — Understanding of test automation frameworks architecture and default layers — Experience with GIT & BitBucket — Experience of working with code review process, ability to maintain existing code and to contribute to core automation framework— Experience in test automation frameworks creation from the scratch — Knowledge and experience in CI system configuration — Jenkins— framework extension, creating new Pages/Endpoints — test coverage extension — smoke tests automation — analysis of current test results in Jenkins — if needed, work with manual QA to define test steps — possibly creating new .NET project and its integration with core automation framework — participation in code review, weekly sync-ups with QA and customer
— 2+ years experience of automation testing; — Good knowledge of Javascript; — Experience with BDD testing (Cucumber.js, Yadda); — Experience with Mocha; — Experience with Node.js/Express; — Knowledge of async/await, promises; — Good knowledge of Linux command line; — Experience with bug tracking tools, Git, Jenkins; — Intermediate+ level of English (both written and spoken).— Opportunity to work on challenging and exciting international projects; — Competitive salary based on your skills, experience, and customer satisfaction; — Casual, positive and open work environment; — Opportunity to advance career and grow as a professional; — Long-term employment with 24-28 paid calendar vacation days; — Paid personal or sick leave day’s scheme; — Friendly team and flat organizational structure; — Regular knowledge sharing meet-ups and events; — English lessons with a native speaker.— Writing integration tests (currently on Mocha, switching to Cucumber.js); — Updating the performance testing tool; — No UI testing planned.
— 3 years or more of experience as a QA Engineer; — Knowledge of databases and skills working with at least one database management system (one of the following: MSSQL, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.); — Experience in coordinated work with a team of developers at all stages of project implementation; — Experience in testing of mobile and web; — Experience in testing of APIs; — Understanding of HTTP protocol, JSON, XML data formats; — Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques, and types; — Experience in documentation testing: checklists, test suites, test cases, bug reports; — Experience with bug-tracking systems; — Understanding of the Scrum processes; — Intermediate English level.— Automated testing experience — create new and maintain existing acceptance tests written on PHP or Java; — Manual testing experience, testcase maintenance via Zephyr (Jira extension); — Experience in people management.— High salary + potential for professional growth (we help you grow and mentor you); — Сollaboration with team including product CEO; — Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities; — Employment benefits — paid holidays, sick-days; — Full-time work, 8 hours + 1 hour for lunch; — Flexible working hours; — Friendly and comfortable work environment; — Sweets and good mood; — English courses.— Manual and automatic quality check of web application, mobile application, web API; — Perform functional/regression/stress/smoke testing of various infrastructural system components and modules; — Be responsible for management of QA team.
ABOUT THE ROLE ● Establish/support quality assurance and testing process for a product (Machine Learning Java, C++ and Python libraries) ● Analyze business requirements and product audience to participate in feature requirements definition ● Come up with reasonable test documentation (test strategy, test plan, test suites etc.) for a product ● Create a set of automation test for testing Machine Learning libraries ● Integrate tests into the build pipelines with focus on continuous delivery ● Work as a part of SCRUM team ● Possible QA team (small scale) leadingABOUT YOU Qualifications & Experience ● Upper intermediate level English is required ● 5+ years working experience in software quality assurance ● 3+ years’ experience developing any type of test automation ● Java / Python proven knowledge ● Machine Learning testing techniques ● Microservices testing experience ● Performance testing knowledge ● Proven international experience of communication, interaction, establishing/support a test process, organizing test reporting and presenting results ● Experience with CI ● Experience with SQL and Linux/Unix-based systems, git ● Experience participating in delivery process improvement ● Understanding of agile delivery methodology application in practiceGood to have: ● Proven experience establishing continuous delivery process ● C++ knowledge ● Prior experience developing automation testing frameworks from scratch ● Experience as a primary contact person for QA-related matters ● Computer science degree or similarCOMPENSATION AND BENEFITS CloudMade offers competitive and rewarding salary and benefits package, as well as intellectually & creatively stimulating work environment, flexibility, and unique international travel opportunities.
Requirements:The most important quality is attentiveness! Strong understanding of software testing theory. High interest in work and development in the sphere of QA. Reading and writing documentation in English.Desirable to have:Knowledge of Jira. Knowledge of Confluence. Knowledge of test documentation. Knowledge in automation (Java) Work experience. Intermediate English level.What we offer:The chance to work in a product company (not outsourcing) and to be part of decision makers A small, highly motivated and agile team of professionals with open communication, very flat hierarchies and a dynamic culture Flexible working hours, fair compensation Office in the Kharkov сity centre (our company is based in Frankfurt/Germany and has a development office in Kharkov/Ukraine)Responsibilities:You will analyze functional requirements and prepare test cases. You will prepare automated test scripts, maintain and run them. You will find programming bugs, document them and do the follow-up. You will do back-end as well as front-end testing and take part in the whole QA process. You will closely cooperate with the development team(s). You will actively participate in functional test processes. You will monitor quality requirements during the development process.
● опыт работы QA Engineer от 1.5 года; ● высшее техническое образование; ● знание методологий и процессов QA программного обеспечения; ● опыт работы с FireBase (Crashlytics), PlayMarket, AppStore; ● опыт работы с Postman, другими подобными программами; ● желательно базовое знание xCode, Android Studio, Charles; ● желательное знание bug tracker Mantis; ● опыт написания четких, сжатых и всеобъемлющих планов тестирования и тестовых случаев; ● умение создавать детальные чек листы; ● умение быстро решать поставленные задачи; ● усидчивость, внимательность; ● умение работать в команде.● конкурентную заработную плату; ● работу в крутом проекте; ● возможность стать частью команды профессионалов; ● ивенты и корпоративы; ● чай, кофе, печеньки; ● обучение и профессиональный рост; ● приятные бонусы от компании.Обязанности: ● тестирования собственных мобильных приложений (iOS и Android); ● построение сценариев автоматического тестирования; ● ручное тестирование; ● взаимодействие с отделом поддержки.
On behalf of GuardiCore, Ciklum is looking for a Senior DevOps QA Engineer to join a new team in Kyiv on a full-time basis. We are aiming as high as possible, building a market leader. Build your career with us. Guardicore has raised $48M from some of the world’s top investors with an intention to build a long-term market leader. The market we are attacking is estimated at $1.5B and it is only starting to happen now. We are ready with the right product, the right team and on the perfect timing to take this market. This is a great opportunity to develop yourself professionally and personally by joining a hell-of-a-ride, from a small startup to a market, Billion-Dollar, leader. We’re a global team of innovators passionate about security, and hungry to make an impact. We’re changing the way organizations protect their data centers and clouds from advanced threats — and that starts with our people. Our team boasts some of the most talented and experienced cyber security and data center experts in the field. Not to mention the Guardi-dogs. We’re always looking for new people to challenge us, inspire us, and make us better. Sounds like you? www.glassdoor.com/...​ore-EI_IE941664.11,21.htm What do you want to deal with? We are solving a few of the most complex technological problems out there and building the market’s most comprehensive Data Centers cyber security solution. SC Magazine described our product as “5 stars, no Weaknesses product”. We work in small teams to allow each to make a real impact on what our future product will look like. Our company is heaven for techies. We have it all: low level kernel development, high-performance backend, reverse engineering and algorithmic research.Responsibilities: • Automation of production infrastructure • Development of mass deployment of the GuardiCore components in customers environment • Designing, developing and maintaining the CI/CD inside GuardiCore • Work and support of a containerized environment • Development of testing beds and simulators for mimicking state-of-the-art customer networks with scale and cost constraints • Develop development tools for enabling the rest of the development inside GuardiCoreRequirements: • 2 years of hands-on experience with Python • 3 years experience with automation development • Configuration management tools such as Ansible and ChefDesirable: • Cloud computing and Virtualization: VMware, AWS, GCP, Docker • CI build tools (Jenkins, Pipelines, etc.)What’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • Become a part of the most talented and experienced cyber security and data center experts in the field. • Great opportunity to develop yourself professionally and personally by joining a hell-of-a-ride, from a small startup to a market, Billion-Dollar, leader • Competitive salary • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditionsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team! Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
• Minimum 1 year of experience in test automation, such as creating of automated test case suites, design and running of automated test cases; • Strong theoretical knowledge base in software testing; • Working on complex projects that required a deep understanding of the application logic and dependencies; experience with requirements analysis; • Good knowledge of core Java/other programming languages and experience working with development environments (IDEs); SQL, HTML, CSS; • Hand on experience in TestNG, jUnit, Maven, Ant, BDD, TDD.; • Experience with Selenium/WebDriver and WebDriver based framework patterns and approaches; • Experience with bug tracking systems, as well as with bug reports creation and verification; • Ability to learn and adapt quickly in a dynamic environment; • Intermediate spoken and written English.• Experience in testing web-based applications and ecommerce solutions; • Experience with creation, and execution of test cases/scenarios/checklists and reporting of test results; • Experience working in geographically distributed teams; • Experience of work with Jira and Confluence systems; • Team player; • Knowledgebase of the world’s largest ecommerce delivery team; • Trainings and certifications; • A constant inflow of ecommerce projects with global outreach; • Well set SDLC process with use of Agile, Scrum, Waterfall depending on a project; • Coaching and reviews to support your career development; • Internal/external engineering and business training and conferences and time for self-education; • Extensive technical library with option to order books and English classes; • A network-style culture with geographically distributed teams, easy communications and access to clients; • Work-life balance approach and healthy lifestyle programs.• Knowledgebase of the world’s largest ecommerce delivery team; • Trainings and certifications; • A constant inflow of ecommerce projects with global outreach; • Well set SDLC process with use of Agile, Scrum, Waterfall depending on a project; • Coaching and reviews to support your career development; • Internal/external engineering and business training and conferences and time for self-education; • Extensive technical library with option to order books and English classes; • A network-style culture with geographically distributed teams, easy communications and access to clients; • Work-life balance approach and healthy lifestyle programs.• Analyze business, functional requirements, technical specifications and other requirements-related documents/files for the enterprise-level e-commerce solutions; • Develop an automated testing approach, create automation test plans and test scripts; • Provide automated testing coverage for assigned projects; • Create bug reports in bug tracking system and insure the fixed bugs’ verification; • Actively participate in daily project team meetings and brainstorming activities related to the project issues; • Provide updates to effort estimates and status of assigned tasks; • Collaborate with project team; • Provide recommendations to Test Automation/QA Lead and/or Project Manager to improve test-automation- and/or QA-related procedures, systems and tools.
We are looking for a confident senior QA Automation to warm welcome to the team. The team of experienced engineers who are creating tools and infrastructure for cross platform UI testing of company’s main products. You will design and implement a scalable solution using modern technologies and practices. As a software engineer, you will have to manage complexity through thoughtful software design to ensure we can grow and scale our product without sacrificing development speed or quality.Our technology stack is pretty wide. In our projects we use: Java, Haxe, Spring Boot, Liquibase, Swagger, Gauge, JUnit, Selenuim, Appium, Selenium Grid, Selenoid, Docker, Maven, Bitbucket, TeamCity, SonarQube, iOS, Android, Windows 10.Responsibilities:• Building a multi platform solution for UI testing of company’s main products • Integrating this solution into company development lifecycle • Continuous learning and implementation of new tools, approaches and frameworks • Working closely with different studios in different countriesWhat we are looking for: • Clean coder with strong Java skills • Strong awareness of modern testing standards and frameworks • Proficient in object-oriented design, design patterns and software design best practices • Familiarity with agile and XP practices • Experience leading the design, development, delivery, and support of technically complex software products. • Proficiency in understanding an existing codebase, learning from it, and documenting/explaining when needed. • Well-developed soft skills • English Intermediate+Advantage if familiar with: • Spring Boot • Docker • WebDriver based frameworks (Selenium, Appium) and tools (Selenium grid, Selenoid) • BDD approach for testing (Gauge) • CI (Teamcity) • Testing web and mobile social games (casino is preferable)We offer: • An exciting and challenging job and talented guys around • Comfortable office near the ’Osokorki’ metro station with magnificent view at the whole right bank of the Dnieper, an article about it here — dou.ua/...​les/dou-revisor-playtika • Professional Trainings. Our QA appreciate such events as JeeConf, XP Days, JavaDay, Nordic Testing days, SQA days conference. And company often pays for tickets. • Substantial performance bonuses paid two times a year • Salary review once a year • Free corporate English lessons • Partial payment of sports, for example Sportlife club • 20 working days paid vacation • Medical insurance • Cute and funny corporate events — some of them definitely unforgettable. We have fun like that www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikksPvEGQfc&t=4s • By the way, you can feel us here — www.facebook.com/playtikaua
4 years of experience as Test Engineer; Experience in testing Android and/or iOS mobile platforms; 2 years of experience in automating tests, preferable for Android and/or iOS mobile platforms; Strong problem solving and communication skills; Ability to work well within a team; Eye for detail and a sound understanding of software development and testing processes; Learning agility to quickly pick up new code, test automation frameworks and paradigms.Experience in automating tests for mobile platforms using Appium; Experience in automating tests using Java; Experience in integration of automated tests into continuous integration (Jenkins); Experience in use of docker, AWS; Experience in use of Android Studio, XCode, IntelliJ or Eclipse; Experience in product development company.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan); Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place); Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients; Flexible work schedule; 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both; Annual vitaminization program for employees; Relocation assistance; English and German courses; Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract; Corporate leisure activities.
On behalf of Clicktale, Ciklum is looking for a Manual QA Engineer to join Kyiv team on full-time basis. www.clicktale.com Based in Israel with offices in US and UK. Their product is SaaS based platform that provides Mouse Tracking Suite recordings of browser sessions that monitor user behavior — show how individuals move, click, and scroll. These digital solutions help to optimize visitor interactions with websites on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices for huge number of customers — e-commerce business, financial services, media and content, telecommunications, travel, and utility sectors worldwide.Responsibilities: • Operate and extend manual and running automated test suites for web/browser; • Work with developers to understand changes to validate functionality and find potential issues; • Hands-on execution of manual testing for Microservices infrastructure for Cloud Deployment; • Deliver new business, architecture initiatives and extend existing ones as part of Scrum team with responsibility for the end result; • Perform regression testing on system components and writing test cases against functional requirements; • Setup, maintain, and support testing environments used for automated and manual testing for themselves and for development staff; • Help troubleshoot and resolve problems in production systems; • Help reproduce issues occurring in production for assisting in determining fixes and verifying that fixes have resolved the issue.Requirements: • 3 years of experience or more in manual Web or SaaS testing — required; • Experience in Web technology, HTTP protocol, web applications and Web Services (REST API); • Working knowledge of web standards & best practices; • Ability to quickly learn new systems; • Demonstrated ability to handle testing applications independently; • Works well both individually and as a team contributor; • Experience working on Linux operating systems; • Experience with TFS/Jira and Agile methodology.Personal skills: • Motivated self-starter; • Critical Thinking ; • Excellent personal presentation, oral, and written skills; • Experience in offshore style working.What’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client; • Open atmosphere; • Competitive salary; • Business trips to Israel; • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions.About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain.As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team! Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
— Work experience in software testing 2+ years; — Experience in manual testing of Web&Mobile applications; — Knowing of software testing methodologies; — Knowledge of relational databases and SQL (SQL Server); — Experience with usage of bug-tracking systems; — Experience with management of testing documentation and reports; — Experience in root cause analysis; — Intermediate or higher level of written and spoken English;— Understanding of object oriented programming; — Knowledge of QA best practices; — Highly motivated with strong sense of responsibility, result oriented;— Competitive salary fixed in EURO; — Flexible schedule; — Official employment; — Comfortable office, located in Podol (Kontraktova Ploscha metro station); — Paid social package (22 days paid vacation, paid sick lists); — Foreign languages learning in the company office: — Paid training sessions, conferences; — Corporate events and activities; — Friendly and open-armed culture; — Stable environment and career development opportunity;— Manual testing of Web&Mobile applications; — Defects management in bug-tracking system; — Test documentation management; — Collaboration with developers;
Cogniance is a global design and technology company with 500+ innovators, creators and change-builders, working hand-in-hand with both startups and corporate innovators to transform their businesses, put their customers’ needs at the center and win in their chosen markets. Building impactful futures for real people is our mantra and our craft is design-led technology solutions. We are a human-to-human company with a Silicon Valley mindset, the relentless drive of a startup and the experience of a global organization. We truly believe that any idea good enough to create a positive change in the way people live, work, think or play, deserves success.Our client is a worldwide leader in the advertising industry and specializes in digital marketing services that integrate technology, data, inventory and human intelligence to reach and manage the most profitable audiences for its customers. We are working on a group of web-based products. The primary goals are to improve and optimize business processes, reduce time spent on daily duties and provide our client with a system that will manage activities and control the results.The automation UI framework is going to be established from scratch. The initial phase has been started with the desired technology stack — TypeScript + Protractor + Cucumber — and the core framework components implementation is in place. As a lead automation engineer, you will provide guidance for the automation engineers. In addition to technical support, you will contribute to the framework design, build framework components and tools, and provide technical support for the continuous integration environment.Qualifications & Experience: — 3+ years’ experience in software quality assurance (with a focus on web applications) — SCRUM processes understanding — Understanding of CI concepts and experience planning test environment schemes — Proven experience establishing a test process, organizing test reporting and presenting results to the customer — Experience participating in delivery process improvement — Understanding of agile delivery methodology application in practice — Upper-intermediate level English or above is requiredGood to have: — Experience with Protractor — Experience developing API or UI test automation in Java or JavaScript. — Experience as a primary contact person for QA-related matters — Computer science degree or similarCogniance offers a competitive and rewarding salary and benefits package, as well as an intellectually and creatively stimulating work environment, flexibility, and unique international travel opportunities.
2+ year of experience as a QA Engineer; English — Upper Intermediate (письменный и устный — some egnineers are in US) Knowledge and/or practical experience with HTML, CSS, Javascript; Strong knowledge and practical experience with web-services; Good understanding of HTTP protocol; Good knowledge and practical experience with SQL scripting and database structure; Strong knowledge and practical experience with REST API; Practical experience with Git Practical experience with bug tracking system (JIRA);Will be a plus — Experience testing REST API, CRM systems, other web applications (preferably Enterprise segment) Will be a plus — knowledge and ability to program in Java / JS for writing automated tests— Competitive salary, that depends on experience and skills; — Company stock options; — Monthly bonuses (1-10%); — Loan; — Paid lunch; — Paid yoga classes; — Paid vacations; — Work-off on Ukrainian official holidays; — Stable and reliable job; — Opportunity for training and professional growth within the company; — Convenient office location in the center; — Ability to work in a creative and professional team;
We are a hardcore research team hungry to build the next generation of computer vision and machine learning technology. Ring’s R&D-center in Kiev that is focused on applying AI, machine learning, computer vision and intellectual data analysis technology for smart home security products.We are looking for experienced Automation QA Engineers who will create and maintain automation environment for testing Backend algorithms, analyze the neural network output and mobile application. Your responsibilities will include but not limited to: analyze product and areas for automation, implement and support test framework, learn new features quickly, and provide best ways of testing them.— 3+ years of experience as an Automation QA Engineer (Java) — Experience with creation of automation framework from the scratch — Knowledge of and experience of working with databases — Knowledge of test types and ways of organizing them in the process of testing various applications — Skills of managing test documentation (test plans, test cases etc.) — English communication skills (speak, read, write)— Working for one of the top product companies in the world: Ring.com — Opportunity to influence the products quality — Challenging tasks — Competitive salary — Relocation bonus — PE accounting and support — 18 paid vacation days per year — Fully equipped A-class office space in the business center (near “Olimpiyska” subway station) — Social package, including gym membership compensation, medical insurance — Free meals, fruits and sweets — Educational possibilities, knowledge hub and free English classes — Career plan, professional growth and quarterly performance reviews
• Experience of software testing from 2 years; • Experience in manual testing of web applications; • Experience with the SQL database; • Understanding the architecture of web applications; • Experience in REST API testing; • Work experience with microservices.• Understanding of processes and work experience with Agile (Scrum, Kanban). • Experience in automated testing (Java); • Knowledge of tools for automated testing (BDD is recommended).• Team of like-minded professionals; • Unique project with modern technologies; • Employee Stock Option; • Opportunities for career development and financial growth; • Free lunches; • Free of charge English classes; • Budget for professional development; • Game room with chill-out zone, kicker, and gamepad; • Computer club, VR; • Coffee point with a real barista; • Flexible timetable and modern office in the center of Kiev (Pecherska).• Development and implementation of a test plan; • Maintenance of test documentation (test case, check-lists, error reports and tests); • Manual testing of the product, with the ability to connect to automation; • Monitoring and detecting bugs; • Communication with the development team.
2+ years of experience in test automation using Java 1 year of experience in test automation using JavaScript Experience of BDD test automation using Cucumber Experience of UI and RESTful API test automation Experience of working with git, Jenkins, Teamcity or other CI tool Ability to communicate with the client and follow priorities English skills Intermediate or better Education: Degree in Computer Science or similarExperience of test automation using cypress.io Experience of using Allure Reports Experience in BDD test design
We expect you to: • have a Masters or Ph.D. degree in quantitative disciplines, such as Economical Cybernetics, Mathematics or Finance • have excellent analytical skills and logical thinking ability • have interest in quality assurance (software testing) • have the ability to locate and describe a problem, pay attention to detail • have great English communication skills, written as well as spoken, as English is our corporate language • have the aspiration to contribute to our continuous aim of professionalising • value a constant further development of your qualifications within software testing.SimCorp offers an interesting and challenging position in an international, dynamic and professional organisation. You will be working in an organisation that offers great flexibility with regards to planning your own work and great development opportunities professionally and personally. We have a multitude of social activities and an informal way of communicating, taking charge of our tasks with dedication, team-spirit and humour. The position as Test Analyst for financial software is part of the Tester career path. In SimCorp we have more than 30 career paths for our employees to pursue. Each has a set of corresponding competence requirements creating visible career opportunities and linking our competence development directly to our employees’ career development.You will be involved in release planning and especially add value in the following activities: • Defining testable user stories, including acceptance criteria • Participating in project and quality risk analyses • Estimating testing effort associated with the user stories • Defining the necessary test levels • Planning the testing for the releaseYou will be responsible that any given user story progresses sequentially through the Feature acceptance testing: • Feature validation testing, which is usually manual and can involve developers, testers, and business stakeholders working collaboratively to determine whether the feature is fit for use • Feature verification testing, which is often automated and involves testing against the user story’s acceptance criteria
• Work experience as a QA Engineer (at least 2 years) • Clear understanding of QA methodology • Experience in web application testing (JS, HTML, CSS) • Experience in mobile applications testing (iOS and Android) Android SDK, XCode, proxy tools • Test designs technics • QA documentation maintenance • Exploratory testing skills • Experience in Agile • Strong verbal and written English communication skills• Experience with Ad Tech • Familiar with VAST, VPAID protocols • Experience with web automation • Experience with test automation tools for Mobile platforms (stress testing, functional testing) • Experience with unix systems (work with console)• Competitive salary linked to UAH/USD rate; • Kiev Podol location in a modern office; • 20 working days paid vacation;
On behalf of Novax, Ciklum is looking for a Senior QA Engineer (C#) to join Malaga team on a full-time basis.Novax is a family run IT Company with over 50 employees and more than 25 years’ experience in the healthcare industry. Over 530 medical clinics and hospitals in Denmark maintain their electronic health records using Novax software, which in turn integrates with the centralized healthcare records database run by the Danish Ministry of Health. This allows doctors, hospitals, and pharmacies across Denmark to access an individual’s health records — irrespective of where in the country the service is required — to ensure the best possible patient care.Responsibilities • Review and analyze system specifications • Collaborate with colleagues to develop effective strategies and test plans • Execute manual and automated test cases and analyze results • Evaluate product code according to specifications • Work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycleRequirements • 5+ years professional experience in QA area • At least 3-4 years of real working experience with Web-based systems • Experience with Selenium-Web driver, Selenium Page Object Model, Page Factory concept using C# • Hands on experience working on C# is must • Experience of designing and implementing test frameworks (like Data driven, Keyword driven or Hybrid along with custom reporting) • Proficiency with OO programming (Classes/Methods, Etc.) • API testing experience • Strong understanding of Agile/Scrum ceremonies and artifacts • Ability to establish QA processes from scratch with further monitoring and control, including creation and maintenance of supportive artifacts, procedures, and metrics • Good experience with Requirements analysis and Test design techniques • Good knowledge in complex SQL queries (Oracle or MSSQL) • Good experience in working with REST APIs (JSON, XML, ODATA) using Postman/SoapUI • Good experience with Integration testing • Intermediate/Upper—intermediate English communication skills • Strong process-oriented and remote collaboration skills • Understanding of HTML/CSS/JS or JQuery • Excellent task management skills in Jira and Confluence • BS + in Computer science or relevantDesirable • ISTQB Foundation/Advanced level certification • Experience with TestRail • Experience with Swagger • Experience with TFS/Jenkins, VSTS systems • Experience of using version control systems (e.g. GIT, SVN) • Experience with programming languages (JavaScript, Java or Python)Personal qualities • Acting as a Team player and having highly developed communication skills, both toward co-programmers and project manager • Being committed to timely delivery of quality results • Good Analytic Skills • Flair for documentationWhat’s in it for you • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client; • Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities; • Competitive salary; • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere, which creates good working conditions.About Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
— Previous work experience as a QA Engineer (at least 2 years) — Solid understanding of QA procedures and methodology — Experience in Web testing — Experience in Mobile testing — Experience in testing client-server applications — At least Pre-Intermediate English language proficiency (both spoken and written) — An ability to learn quickly and adapt as technology changes — Precise attention to detail— comfortable office in the city center — paid vacation and sick leaves — regular salary review — team building events every Friday— manual functional testing of web applications — mobile testing (IOS, Android) — regression testing — VoIP testing — testing documentation (bug report, checklist, test case, test report)
+ Знание методологий software QA, инструментов и процессов. + Опыт в написании четких, коротких и всеобъемлющих планов тестирования и тестовых сценариев. + Знание Unix, SQL и скриптования. + Опыт в тестировании биллинговых и сопутствующих систем является плюсом. + Умение работать в команде, легко поддаваться обучению, коммуникабельность, аналитическое мышление. + 2-5 лет преимущественно в ИТ компании или техническом отделе на аналогичной должности, обладание знанием, для написания сценариев автоматического тестированияФункциональные обязанности: — Анализ технических требований и технического дизайна для обеспечения своевременной и качественной обратной связи. — Создание подробных, всесторонних и хорошо структурированных планов испытаний и тестовых сценариев. — Создание документации с описанием тестовых ситуаций и создание стандартов тестирования. — Оценка, приоритезация, планирование и координация тестирования. — Выполнение тестов. — Определение, фиксирование, документирование и отслеживание исправлений ошибок. — Создание новых и обновление существующих тестовых сценариев и скриптов, тщательная документация всех нововведений. — Предложение новых мероприятий по улучшению автоматического тестирования и сокращение времени прохождения всех необходимых тестов.
• Experienced (2+ year) coordinating QA team of engineers across manual and automated test activities. • Good communicator and able to clearly articulate complex issues and technologies. • Good problem solving, logic, and negotiation skills. • At least 3+ year experience within software testing; • Understanding of testing processes; • Knowledge of bug tracking tool Jira; • Experience in creating test cases, test design; • Experience of work in distributed environment, dynamic team.• Competitive salary; • Respect, appreciation and comfortable conditions for work; • Collaborative team environment; • Free treats: tea, coffee, cookies, English classes, corporate parties, competitions; • Fun!• Mentor a remote QA team (team is located in Zhytomyr/Kiev and some people work remotely); • Perform requirements analysis and testing; • Participate in test scope definition for the system; • Perform test design in sufficient form and maintain it; • Perform continuous manual testing and bug tracking; • Estimating testing effort associated with the user stories; • Communicate with project manager; • Report to project manager on daily basis (voice calls); • Write test documentation.
5+ years of testing experience; Good software testing background; Basic+ SQL; Basic programming skills; Analytical mindset; Experience with Test documentation: test cases, test plans, checklists, estimations and status reports; Functional and non-functional testing experience (functional, regression, integration, security, UAT, smoke); Good experience as Agile/Scrum; Ability to identify next steps for QA processes; Have good presentation and communication skills, ability to work in multiple cultures and mixed teams Upper-intermediate spoken and written English.Applied Math or another technical degree; Experience working in Agile BI projects; Experience with driving QA team/Quality processes GUI tests automation.Competitive salary depending on experience and skills; Flexible working hours, partial remote work is acceptable; Office in the heart of Kharkiv downtown; Team building events; 20 days of vacation, follow UA holidays; Company compensates english courses, books, participation in conferences local and abroad.Product Requirements verification; Leading communications with Clients on QA/Support issues Leading 2 QAs; Test Data design (DW analysis); Writing/Executing TCs for Web App UI and DW; TCs automation; Customers support (investigation & clarification of issues).
On behalf of Key Travel, Ciklum is looking for Senior Manual QA with automation experience to join Kyiv team on full-time basis.You will join a highly motivated team and will work with an application, which provides a tailored travel experience. It enables travel agents to manage trips and make bookings via Global Distribution Systems (GDS, e.g. Amadeus), Expedia, Travel Fusion, Ypsilon, etc.Key Travel ( keytravel.com ) is a Travel Management Company specializing in the not-for-profit sector. Our clients are charities (aid, development, medical relief, environment or education), religious organizations and public sector organizations such as Universities.Key Travel is a forward-thinking organization in the midst of positive change and would welcome a driven, proactive individual.Responsibilities: ● Functional and nonfunctional testing activities of Web and Desktop applications ● Perform testing activities on several projects within one program actively communicating with developers and business analysts ● Create and maintain test documentation: test plan, test suites, test reports ● Estimate the required testing time, integration test effort, test design time ● API and Frontend (e2e) test automation (Application consists of .NET WebApi Backend and Angular 1.x web client) ● Regression and other functional testing on Web projects ● Test case adjustments for automated testing needs ● Test data and test environment preparations ● Making conclusion and reporting about quality of the product under testRequirements: ● 3+ years of QA experience ● Solid knowledge of test design techniques ● Good Knowledge of SQL query ● Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types ● Understand the architecture of web systems ● Experience with continuous integration processes and tools — Teamcity ● Test tracking and project management software experience — Jira ● In-depth knowledge of software development lifecycle ● Understanding of Agile/Scrum ● Knowledge of test automation approaches and procedures ● Experience with Protractor and Javascript ● Good English skills — Intermediate and aboveDesirable: ● Experience of technical testing (e.g. reading logs, SQL, XML, JavaScript) ● API testing experience ● ISTQB foundation level or higherWhat’s in it for you? ● Possibility to propose solutions on a project ● Obtain deep experience in travel business domain ● Professional growth ● Educational possibilitiesAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain.As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
-QA experience 3+ years, test automation experience 2+ years -Testing of web application experience 2+ years ∙ Common principles of testing and test automation framework principles ∙ Selenium for C# ∙ Result oriented, Opened tasks solving, Tolerant, Accurate ∙ Clear structured language ∙ Bugs finding ability— Contribute in full cycle of product development — Be a part of future technologies — Use Learning and development system — Learn & use English — Trip to EuropeAutomate integration, compatibility, load and stress testing Automate UI features testing (C#, Selenium) Automate algorithm features testing (Python) Manually test UI features. Document testing process (test plans, check lists, test reports) Prepare test cases, test data, test automation environment Register defects
Solid knowledge in SQA processes. Understanding of SDLC. Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development team. Java, OOP. Experience in Microservices testing. Understanding RESTfull architecture. Test Frameworks: REST-Assured, TestNG, JUnit. Experience in using tools for testing REST API: POSTman, RAML, Swagger. Build tools: Maven. VCS: Git, Bitbucket. CI: Jenkins Experience in using application server: Tomcat. Experience writing simple SQL scripts for: Oracle / MySQL. Others: Fiddler, Charles.Experience working with: ActiveMQ/JMS GOcd Experience in automation testing of web applications (Protractor, Jasmine or Cucumber-JS)9 reasons to join us 1. Business trips to European countries; 2. Possibilities for self-development — We have specially equipped Levi9 laboratories (with 3D printers and other high-tech features resources) when you can work on you own startups or test any other crazy your own genuine ideas; 3. Possibility to share knowledge on tech talks, meetups and conferences in different Levi locations and outside the company; 4. Your health support via compensation of sport activities, vacation policy and private medical insurance; 5. Financial and vacation support of your important life events (wedding, child birth etc.); 6. Democratic banking policy — you can cooperate with us through any legal Ukrainian bank you choose; Tax compensation 7. Work for industry leaders such as TomTom, Xerox, Swarco and others; 8. “Save time” principles. We promote Automation testing and innovation technologies to save the most precious resource — your time; 9. No micromanagement. We are free birds with clear understanding what the high performance is!This position requires deep understanding of quality assurance role on each stage of product development process and profound knowledge of QA mission and methodology. Creation, maintenance and usage of automated scripts on integration and system levels Active participation in refinement and planning sessions, providing valuable feedback and accurate estimates for testing tasks.
• 2+ years of automation testing experience; • Good knowledge of Java; • Web application automation testing experience; • Good knowledge of defect lifecycle; • Excellent test design skills; • Knowledge in automation API testing with SoapUI will be a plus; • Experience and understanding of Agile software development and the Software Development Lifecycle in general will be a plus; • Good spoken and written English.• Competitive compensation depending on experience and skills; • Individual career path in engineering; • Social package — medical insurance, sports; • Compensation for sick lists and regular vacations; • English classes with native speakers (certified English teachers); • Flexible work hours.
On behalf of e-Boks, Ciklum is looking for Middle Manual Quality Assurance Engineer to join our Lviv team on full-time basis. An exciting and unique opportunity to become a part of well-established Agile Development and Test Team developing, maintaining and testing the e-Boks ultra-high load/scalability (100s of thousands concurrent connections), security and reliability middleware and web applications. In the existing Digital Post solution, 88% of the test cases for the end-user interface has been scripted. e-Boks uses BDD (Behavior Driven Development) which effectively reduces the backflow in the development phase. Our customer has an internal requirement, that the source code, as far as possible, is developed in a way so that it can easily be tested using automated scripts. This is made possible through the use of the design pattern: “dependency injection” which lead to a loosely coupled design where all the dependencies, such as business services or messages queues, has been decoupled to allow for simulation and verification of expected outcome.Responsibilities: • Qualification of User Stories in the Sprint Planning; • Estimation of tasks; • Test Planning; • Test Preparation; • Implementation of the test, both manual and automated unit- and regression testing.Requirements: • At least 2 years of experience in commercial software testing; • Functional and non-functional testing experience (regression, integration, performance, UAT, smoke); • Agile development methodologies; • Experience with Jira; • Upper Intermediate level in English, both spoken and written.Personal skills: • Working well autonomously, without close supervision, readiness to take responsibility; • Acting as a Team player and having highly developed communication skills, both toward colleagues and team management; • Being committed to timely delivery of quality results; • Innovative in his/her work.Desirable: • Experience of technical testing (e.g. reading logs, SQL, XML, JSON, Fiddler); • Experience of a test management tool Zephyr; • Using source control systems (SVN, TFS.); • Experience with web application testing on PC, Mobile and Tablet devices; • Understanding of web/desktop applications: cookies/sessions, browser differences, web servers, http, html; • Hands-on experience with SQL; • Experience with API and Web Services testing; • Experience in preparing of BDD test cases; • Experience with Automation Testing using Selenium WebDriver. What’s in it for you? • You will get to work with the coolest development and test team in Ukraine and Europe; • You will learn how to combine modern technology with mainframes — and the special conditions and requirements this imposes on testing; • You will work for an employer who appreciate your skills and hard work — in our team you will not be only Ciklum, but an e-Boks employee; • Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation, shuttle transfers to the office, free English classes, indoor gym and other social benefits.About Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to cv@ciklum.com
• Master’s degree in software engineering, data science, math or physics • Excellent programming skills • Great interpersonal communication skills • Proven expertise in Selenium or similar tools • Proven expertise in JavaScript, and another programming language (SQL, Python, Scala, Java, ...)• Further expertise in SQL, Python, Java/Scala and/or Linux is a plus • Experience in agile/scrum processes • Data science/quant modelling • Experience in DevOps• Work in a friendly, truly inclusive team with a family-like feel • Cozy, comfortable and well-equipped office in the city center • Minimal hierarchy and direct communication with interesting international clients • Personal development and professional growth • Competitive salary, paid vacation and social benefits • Team building activities (Beetroot breakfasts, movie nights, trips, parties and more) • Included English lessons with native speaker to help you grow as a communicator • Discounts on Beetroot Academy courses for our employees and their family members • Yearly allowance to participate in competence-enhancing events• Help build automated tests for APIs and services using Scala and/or Python. • Create test and development data sets. • Create UI tests using Selenium. • Help streamline the development and deployment processes towards continuous deployment. • Communicate with manual testers, business analysts or software engineers to find edge cases and write tests for them
От 2х лет опыта в тестировании веб-систем, исключая курсы и фриланс.Хорошие знания SQL.Опыт работы с Agile / Scrum.Практический опыт тестирования методами как белого, так и черного ящика.Знания UNIX (базовые).Опыт использования bug-tracking систем.Техническое образование обязательно.Организаторские способности, внимательность, умение работать в команде, умение работать с большими объемами информации.Опыт использования фреймворков Codeception, Cypress и языка Gherkin будет плюсом (или других фреймворков атвоматизации тестрования)Работу в удобном офисе, возле метро Контрактовая площадь.Официальное оформление.Корпоративные курсы английского языка.Интересные проекты и задачи.Молодой, дружный коллектив.Контроль соблюдения процессов тестированияСовершенствование процессов тестирования с целью повышения качества ПО и эффективности работы команды тестировщиковРазработка документации по процессам контроля качестваВвод в должность новых тестировщиков, наставничествоФункциональное, регрессионное и приемочное тестированиеУчастие в проектах внедрения и разработки веб-систем в качестве тест-лидаМенеджмент, распределение и делегирование задач тестировщиков.
Technology Stack: General — • React, Redux, GoLang, Kafka, Casandra, Docker For ATQC — • Language: Java 8 • Frameworks: TestNG, RestAssured, Selenium • Virtualization: Docker • CI/CD: Jenkins • Version Control: git • DB: Cassandra• Wso2 • Kafka• Competitive salary & bonus system • A truly flexible working schedule • Your personal Career Advisor & individual career map • Certification center and language school • Medical insurance • Social package • SoftServe discount program • Fully equipped gyms and relax zones • Unforgettable corporate events, birthday presents and even more
• FE SSE (aka SSD) with proven ReactJS, Redux, Saga, TypeScript, ES5/ES6, Jest, WebPack, HTML5/CSS3, Bootstrap, Git, TFS production experience • BE SSE (aka SSD) with proven .NET Core, Nancy API, xUnit, Kafka, Dapper, DDD, CQRS, MS SQL Server, Git, TFS production experience • DB SSE (aka SSD) with proven MS SQL Server, OLTP, DDD, Unit Testing, Visual Studio, Git, TFS production experience• Competitive salary and bonus system • Flexible working schedule • Certification center and language school • Technical expert groups • Corporate doctors available 24/7 • Social package • SoftServe discount program • Gym membership and relax zones
At least 3+ years of Quality Assurance experience (1 year of experience in mobile/web software testing) Clear understanding of software development life cycle, and process for quality assurance Practical experience in Agile/Scrum development processes Familiarity with bug/issue tracking tools (JIRA preferred) Experience in working with requirements and without them Experience in providing estimates Ability to create test artifacts (test plan, checklist, summary reports) Knowledge about test design techniques (EP, BVA, state transition) Intermediate spoken and written English level Experience in test result evaluation, reporting, and metricsISTQB certification Ability to test APICompetitive compensation Opportunity to work on interesting projects Friendly team of highly experienced specialists Training sessions and travel abroad Long­-term employment with paid vacation and other social benefits Free English classes with native speakers Yoga time Cozy kitchen with fresh fruits, juices and cool snacks Medical insurance Sport compensationAnalyze functional specification Providing estimations Preparing test artifacts Test execution Test result evaluation, reporting and sharing data with customer Participation in SCRUM meetings Working with JIRA Gathering metrics Communication with customer concerning requirements Perform other related duties as required
• Performance Testing Experience (1+ years); • Various performance testing tools (JMeter, Gatling, Locust etc); • Knowledge and skills in any object-oriented or scripting programming languages (Python is preferable); • Knowledge of different performance testing types (Load, Stress, Spike etc.); • Ability to plan performance testing activities; • Knowledge of performance bottlenecks and end-to-end performance measures (server response time, throughput, latency, etc.); • Working experience with service side monitoring tools (AppDynamics, NewRelic, Graphite etc.); • Experience with Linux; • Ability to analyze performance testing reports; • Ability to setup and maintain jobs using CI tools i.e. Jenkins; • Intermediate English and higher.• Good analytical skills • Good team player, motivated to solve complex tasks • Strong communication and problem solving skills • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented • Strong attention to details and accuracy• Very close cooperation with client • Possibility to propose solutions on a project - • Dynamic and challenging tasks. • Ability to influence project technologies. • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills. • Low bureaucracy, European management style. Continuous self-improvement. • Trainings • ISTQB Certification preparation • QA knowledge sharing meetings• Determine the performance test requirements and Performance Test strategy; • Develop and support of load testing scripts and scenarios using various protocols and exchange format for front-end, back-end and middleware systems using JMeter and other tools; • Responsible for creating and maintaining test artifacts (plans, reports, dashboards) and ensuring they meet client’s expectations; • Conduct high load performance testing for Web applications and backend and monitor the results; • Identify potential and ongoing performance and capacity issues, conduct the corresponding analysis and reporting.
Компания из США, создающая SaaS-решения для Apparel/Fashion индустрии ищет в распределённую команду специалиста по тестированию ПО.Требования: — Опыт работы в тестировании от 1 года; — Базовые знания SQL; — Иметь представление о REST, JSON, HTML; — Умение ясно излагать суть ошибки; — Умение писать техническую документацию и мануалы к ПО.Необходимые личные качества: — ответственность; — самостоятельность; — самодисциплина; — желание развиваться; — педантичность; — способность к быстрому самообучению; — готовность к расширению компетенцийНеобходимо: — Обязательно обладание стабильным доступом в интернет.— Опыт разработки автоматических функциональных тестов (желательно связка Java + Selenium Webdriver); — Английский на уровне письменного общения с пользователями.Условия работы: — удалённый full-time. Возможен part-time с переходом на full-time; — Обязательно обладание стабильным доступом в интернет. Стабильная достойная зарплата (по результатам собеседования) + бонус + встречи 2 раза в год с командой за счет компании.— Функциональное тестирование web-интерфейсов; — Поиск и локализация ошибок; — Анализ и выработка предложений по улучшению качества тестируемого функционала; — Взаимодействие с командой разработчиков.
— 3+ years of experience with Software Testing — Practical skills of manual testing for web applications and API (SOAP/REST) — Good understanding of QA essentials and theory and knowledge of issue-tracking systems — Good understanding and hands-on experience in test case design — Understanding of HTTP and HTML/JS essentials — At least basic knowledge of SQL — At least intermediate level of English, speaking and writing for direct communication with business development and management teams— Automation testing experience will be a plus — Experience with testing complex business flows — Experience with testing multi-component systems (web services/queues/SQL + NoSQL DBs/third party integrations) — Experience in using JMeter for performance testing— Already successful, long-term and the fastest-growing project known in Western Europe — Direct cooperation with the product without intrusive management — Business trips, yearly customer bonus for attending conferences and self-education — Competitive salary and excellent working conditions (NOT an openspace) — A dynamic and energetic working environment that grants ample room to take initiative and responsibility — Paid 20 days of vacation per year, paid sick days — Your bookkeeping and accounting will be maintained by professional accounting company with personal support from lawyers and attorneys included — Brand new spacious and cozy office in the center of Kharkov — you’ll definitely love it! — English courses, library, massage right in the office — Attendance at conferences and tech events in Ukraine and over Europe — Informal and cooperative atmosphere prevails in our organization— Analysis of technical documentation, reviewing user stories, assisting Product Owner with definition of acceptance criteria — Testing end to end business flows via UI and web services — Design and execution of manual test-cases for standalone web services via API — Maintaining old and developing new integration tests (based on manual test-cases) for web services (C# + NUnit)
On behalf of Imagine Ciklum is looking for Automation QA Engineer to join Dnipro team on full-time basis. As a QA Engineer you will be responsible for design and development of test plans, monitoring and extension of automated test infrastructure, performing manual testing and issue tracking. Imagine Software is a leading provider of real-time investment management solutions worldwide. Its flagship product, the Imagine Trading System, is a cross-asset trading, portfolio, and risk management solution available as an ASP (hosted) solution or an enterprise application. Developed for alternative investment companies of all sizes, Imagine Software serves thousands of users worldwide with its unique combination of proven enterprise functionality, comprehensive data management and business process automation. A career path at Imagine Software represents one of the most comprehensive opportunities to be on the front lines of the complexities and nuances of the global financial markets. Employees work and collaborate with some of the world’s most elite financial institutions and utilize leading-edge technologies to solve complex business challenges. Employees assist in enabling clients of Imagine Software’s award-winning system to achieve key benefits for their organizations—maximizing returns and managing risk, achieving transparency, and gaining operational efficiencies.Responsibilities: • Build, maintain and extend frameworks and automation solutions for testing • Participate in code/peer reviews with team members • Have the ability to work in fast paced environment within a small team that collaborates with multiple teams • Develop test cases from business requirements (create test data as required) • Analyze, document, and report status, test results, and testing progress according to the test plan • Document, track and escalate issues as appropriate, using JIRA or similar tools • Identify and log defects, work with development to resolve, and verify fixes when implementedRequirements: • Familiarity with software testing (unit, integration, functional, regression). • Hands on experience with Linux/Unix environment. • Basic programming skills in any OOP language • Great oral and written communication skills, including strong work ethics • Must be able to multitask and work independently or in a team • Strong organizational skills and attention to details • Financial systems/operations background is a plusWhat’s in it for you? • Very close cooperation with different clients • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Dynamic and challenging tasks. • Ability to influence project technologies. • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills. • Low bureaucracy, European management style. • Continuous self-improvement. • Trainings • ISTQB Certification preparation • Knowledge sharing meetingsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team! Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us!
We are looking for proactive, highly motivated and talented QA Engineer who would like to become the part of the great team that works on a global leader in precision agriculture and independent data management solutions● 2+ years of experience as a Software Quality Assurance ● Good skills with functional and integration testing of both web and native applications ● Excellent understanding and experience with test design ● Experience in interaction with business analysis and gathering/clarification of business requirements ● Excellent presentation and communications skills combined with the ability to work in a team environment ● Intermediate+ English● Understanding and experience with API testing ● BA experience● Good compensation package, highest salaries on market ● Interesting projects and challenging tasks ● Comfortable work schedule ● Zero bureaucracy ● Friendly team with great corporate culture and mentorship (visit us and see it yourself) ● US democratic management style ● Opportunities for self-realization, professional and career growth ● Corporate events and activities ● Professional seminars and training, professional studying● Identifying and resolving software inconsistencies, ambiguities and defects during the design and implementation phase of software development ● Pick up ongoing implemented development tasks and perform test design/creation/execution ● Clarifying all ongoing questions with development/management/support/etc. ● Carrying out root cause analysis on defects to ensure fixes are implemented correctly ● Contributing to the planning process to establish tasks and forecasts for work to be performed ● Help with identification and clarification product requirements
Requirements: • Advanced/Fluent English level • Technical education • Exposure to automation test tools and frameworks (Robot Framework, Jenkins, SOAPUI,...) • Additional knowledge assets: IBM WebSphere MQ, Oracle database, Web services • Selenium testing tool knowledge • Strong requirements analysis skills • Experience in test cases design, execution and reporting • Good communication and presentation skills, problem-solving, learning attitudeWe guarantee: • International experience in a stable company: the company has offices in Brussels, Kiev and New York and works at the market for over 10 years • Medical insuranсe and sports activity compensation • English classes compensation • Business trips all around the world • Every-day tasty cookies, fruits and tea/coffee in unlimited quantities • Great opportunities for personal and professional development. • The passionate and friendly team in an innovative casual, positive and open work environmentResponsibilities: • Analysis of system requirements and producing testing specifications from systems requirements • Estimation of testing efforts for the project • Communication with internal development teams regarding requirements clarifications and quality expectations • Creation of Test Cases, Test Reports • Requirements analysis • Defining test strategy • Writing and running test cases, bugs reporting • Support test documentation
On behalf of DFS (www.dfsco.com ), Ciklum is looking for Senior Software Developer in Test to join Odessa team on full-time basis.We are looking for highly motivated people with proven problem solving skills that can easily jump in and learn the domain while contributing to the larger development needs. The team in Odessa is fast-growing and well-knit. We use Scrum methodology and cutting-edge technologies such as Azure in daily work and have regularly communications with American colleagues.Donnelley Financial Solutions specializes in producing, distributing and translating documents and electronic communications to support the global capital, compliance and investment markets for customers. With a focus on process improvement, the company minimizes time and waste from clients’ time-sensitive communications — from content creation through final distribution. It offers distribution of company data and public filings for equities, mutual funds and other publicly traded assets. As the leader in delivering intelligent solutions in financial disclosures, Donnelley Financial Solutions is uniquely positioned to leverage proprietary technology to create robust, timely and accurate data sets, distributing high quality, interactive financial data and services to the investment community.Donnelley Financial Solutions’ extensive investment in technology and workflow solutions enables the company to quickly adapt to changing regulatory requirements. Donnelley Financial Solutions is an industry leader in content management, multichannel content distribution, data management and analytics services, collaborative workflow and business reporting tools, and translations and other language services in support of its clients’ communications requirements. Companies across all industries and stages of development benefit from the company’s proprietary technology tools, subject matter expertise and single source solutions:— Private Companies — IPOs — Public Companies — Growth and Mergers and Acquisitions — Restructuring DealsResponsibilities: • Work with a cross-functional team and a lead-based in our corporate headquarters to analyze and vet requirements for the components of the Product line, and develop appropriate test plans and test cases; • Take part in development of appropriate test strategies; • Write automated integration, acceptance, unit and performance tests as required; • Maintain automated test suites; • Build test tools; • Review test failures and determine the causes of problems ; • Capture appropriate artifacts and log defects; • Manually test application components while constructing an automated test suite; • Develop and maintain supporting tools.Requirements: • Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or a related discipline; • Knowledge of and experience in testing strategies of Web API products (SOA / microservices based); • Knowledge of and experience in test data management strategies; • Good knowledge and experience in C# / .NET, OOP, SOLID principles; • Good knowledge of test frameworks for desktop UI testing; • Good Knowledge of and experience in XML and JSON; • Understanding and application of continuous integration; • Knowledge of test patterns.Desirable: • Knowledge of security testing and common security risks; • Knowledge of load and performance testing.Personal skills: • Excellent verbal and written communications skills, able to communicate clearly and effectively; • Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; • Work well autonomously, without close supervision, readiness to take responsibility; • Being committed to timely delivery of quality results.What’s in it for you? • Unique opportunity to be a part of true Scrum team; • Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities; • Competitive salary; • Monthly budgets for fruits; • English classes for the team; • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions.About Ciklum: Established in 2002, Ciklum is a leading Danish supplier of technical personnel and teams, software development and agile business consulting to high growth companies globally. Ciklum currently employs more than 2500 specialists in our offices and technical development centers in Ukraine and Belarus. Ciklum is recognized as CeBIT 2010 Top 20 innovative company delivering services/products for small and medium sized companies, and named the 2010, 2011 and 2012 Top 100 Global Services provider. Most recently Gartner Inc. named Ciklum as a “Cool Vendor” in its “Cool Vendors in Application Services, 2013” report.Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us!
Less than year of commercial manual testing experience Knowledge of QA processes Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills Strong ability to locate and describe the problem, attentiveness to the details English level (both spoken & written) — at least, intermediate Profound knowledge of functional and non-functional testing (functional, regression, integration, security, smoke, UI) Great teamwork skills and attention to detailsExperience with automated testingAbility to work on interesting and complex product Ability to impact product roadmap Opportunity for self-improvement and professional growth (we plan to initiate automation process for QA department) Flexible schedule English classes Competitive salary according to qualification Friendly team and cozy office in city centerIf you want to develop, initiative and result oriented, our company is waiting for your resume.Manual testing of web application Report issues in bug tracking system Communication with: QA team (you’ll be fourth one), developers, UX designer, product owner Maintaining test plan, use cases and test cases Participating in defining functionality expected result, testing requirements
— 2+ years’ experience in software testing — Good knowledge of software development methodology and software lifecycle processes — Knowledge and understanding of the software testing methodologies and techniques — Experience in working with test documentation (test plans, test cases etc.) — Experience in testing Web applications in various browsers — Ability to work in different OS (Windows, Linux, MacOS) — Experienced with Agile and Scrum working methods — Strong communication skills — English (written) pre-intermediate level or higher— Experience in API testing — Knowledge and practical experience with SQL scripting and database structure — Practical knowledge in automation testing — Experience in creation of Performance testing scenarios — Experience testing microservice web applications— High & competitive salary — Challenging work in an international professional environment — Opportunity to influence software development process, to be the owner of the product in your field of expertise — Opportunity to apply SAFe methodology — Individual development plans for employees — Flexible management — Relocation Bonus when moving from a different city / country — Full benefits package: paid vacation and sick leave — Continuous professional development (free internal and external professional trainings) — Free English classes in the company office — Free use of the services provided by Namecheap — Quarterly teambuilding activities — Coffee, tea, fruits, office lunch delivery— Create and maintain test documentation — Perform manual testing — Take part in requirement analysis, business analysis — Provide test estimations and status reports — Testing of microservice components
We are looking for a QA Automation Engineer to join our team.As a QA Automation Engineer with GeoGuard, you will be responsible for developing automated tests on Python and RobotFramework and reporting on the quality assurance of our software to ensure applications are functional and provide great user experience for all of our customers. This position continuously looks for opportunities to improve product and business processes and maintains open communication with all members from development and product teams.Our ideal candidate has at least 2 years experience in QA automation and bug tracking systems. You possess intermediate to advanced understanding of the principles of manual and automated testing and object-oriented programming. You are able to interact daily with systems that are used in professional software development such as JIRA.You are able to, and enjoy, working in small collaborative teams and have good communication and interpersonal skills. You are a fast learner, highly analytical, detail-oriented and are able to work under tight timelines.Your skills & qualifications:— Strong knowledge of theory and best practices of software testing — Knowledge of test design techniques — Strong technical skills, comfortable with Android, iOS, MacOS and Windows — Ability to analyze and interpret complex documents (software requirements and design specifications, standards and regulations) — Team player — Intermediate written and spoken technical English enough to discuss issues with teams remotelyYour key accountabilities and responsibilities will include (but not limited to):— Assist QA Project Lead with effort estimates — Create and maintain test cases, checklists and test suites based on the product requirements and test plans — Perform manual functional and regression testing of GeoGuard products according to test cases and checklists — Record defects found and assign priority — Participate in team meetings and quality assurance walk-throughs according to GeoGuard PDLC guidance — Provide clear and constructive feedback to other team members on improvements for current processes
On behalf of Testing Center of Excellence, Ciklum is looking for Senior Automation QA Engineer (with JavaScript) who wants to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership.Testing Center of Excellence is looking for technology experts who want to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership.We are a growing business unit of Ciklum with currently 110+ employees, specializing in Software quality assurance. Currently we are dealing with approximately 30 projects simultaneously. Our projects usually last for 6-12 months and our technological focus is mainly on web and mobile technologies. So, you’ll have the opportunity to get frequently in touch with new projects, processes, approaches, technologies, and tools. Through direct knowledge exchange with international clients you are an important contributor in making them successful.Our environment gives you the opportunity to share your professionalism to help team members grow and we support you with training and education in the areas where you want to develop.Responsibilities: • Creation of Test Automation Strategy • Development of test automation framework architecture • Automation of regression and other functional testing on Web/Mobile projects • Building and maintaining automated testing frameworks • Integrating automated testing into CI process • Test case adjustments for automated testing needs • Test data and test environment preparations • Making conclusion and reporting about stability of the product under test • Possibility to perform testing activities on several projects, communicate with developers and project managersEssential skills: • 5+ years of professional experience in QA Automation of Web products via selenium (webdriver)/ Protractor and supportive frameworks • Solid skills in Javascript/Typescript • Strong experience in creation of automation frameworks from scratch • Experience with implementation of automated testing for project and system • Strong experience with continuous integration processes and tools (Jenkins, teamcity, or similar). • Experience of working with version control systems (e.g. GIT, SVN and others) • In-depth knowledge of test automation approaches and procedures • Good experience with API level testing • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types • Understanding of Agile/Scrum. • Master’s or Bachelor’s degree in Computer science or relevant • Good English skills — Upper-Intermediate and aboveWould be a good plus: • Experience with Mobile automation • Knowledge of programming languages, such as Java or/and Python would be a great plus • Some experience with cloud-based automation solutions like Saucelabs, Browserstack • Good knowledge of SQLPersonal skills: • Good analytical skills • Good team player, motivated to develop and solve complex tasks • Strong communication and problem solving skills • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented • Strong attention to details and accuracyWhat’s in it for you? • Very close cooperation with different clients • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Dynamic and challenging tasks. • Ability to influence project technologies. • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills. • Low bureaucracy, European management style. • Continuous self-improvement. • Trainings • ISTQB/JAVA8 Certification preparation • Knowledge sharing meetingsAbout Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
1+ year of experience as QA engineer in IT company; Higher degree in IT field; Great academical background; Experience in writing test plans, check lists and test cases; Good English (writing and speaking);• High competitive salary; • Social benefits, paid vacations, sick-leaves; • Career possibilities with growing team; • Friendly environment and comfortable schedule; • English & Yoga classes, lunches.
We are looking for an Automation QA Engineer for a project and the main idea of the project is to make a personalization and ordering the unique products for users as easy as it can be. With this application any user can easily upload photos, order prints, create photo books, personalized cards, photo gifts and make custom creations in minutes!Requirements: Experience 3+ years Strong analytical skills Ability to analyze business requirements and come up with comprehensive test coverage) Strong communication skills Experience working in an Agile environment Prior experience with Selenium, Java, and Jenkins Nice to have: Experience with API testing using tools like RestAssuredTime Shifts: 13.00 — 22.00Duties: Design, write, execute, automate, maintain automated testsWe offer:Working in the open-minded and motivated team Personal and professional development with challenging tasks Opportunity to improve a process and implement your ideas The significant contribution to your professional portfolio Good compensation rateIf you are a good team player and want to grow as a master of your craft with professionals, providing high standard services, we are waiting to welcome you to our team!Design, write, execute, automate, maintain automated tests
Опыт работы от на аналогичной должности от 2-х лет (включая фриланс) Практический опыт выполнения различных видов тестирования, подготовки тестовых данных и отчетности Опыт тестирования REST API, веб и мобильных приложений Понимание методологий тест-дизайна (разбиение на классы эквивалентности, анализ граничных значений и т.д.) Базовые и выше знания CSS, HTML React, PHP, Docker, SQL, Selenium, Linux, Jira, GIt Опыт написания модульных и функциональных тестов (PHPUnit, Behat, Selenium) Опыт работы или знания по Continuos Integration/Continuos Delivery (Bamboo) Высокая обучаемость, интерес к новым технологиям, стремление к профессиональному ростуРабота в команде с отлаженными процессами QA, QC, тестирования Проведение Security and Access Control TestingВысокую заработную плату Работа над собственным проектом компании (финтех) Много возможностей для личного и профессионального развития Кофемашина, фрукты, йогурты Корпоративный тренажерный зал Комфортные условия работы, современный офисРабота с бизнес требованиями, их верификация и валидация Разработка позитивных и негативных сценариев тестирования Написание автотестов, тестовых скриптов, документации по ним Тестирование контроля безопасности и контроля доступа
On behalf of Testing Center of Excellence, Ciklum is looking for Senior Automation QA Engineer who wants to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership.Testing Center of Excellence is looking for technology experts who want to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership.We are a growing business unit of Ciklum with currently over 100 employees, specializing in Software quality assurance. Currently we are dealing with approximately 59 projects simultaneously. Our projects usually last for 6-12 months and our technological focus is mainly on web and mobile technologies. So, you’ll have the opportunity to get frequently in touch with new projects, processes, approaches, technologies, and tools. Through direct knowledge exchange with international clients you are an important contributor in making them successful.Our environment gives you the opportunity to share your professionalism to help team members grow and we support you with training and education in the areas where you want to develop.Responsibilities: • Creation of Test Automation Strategy • Development of test automation framework architecture from scratch • Automation of regression and other functional testing on Web/Mobile projects • Building and maintaining automated testing frameworks • Integrating automated testing into CI process • Test cases adjustments for automated testing needs • Test data and test environment preparations and configuration • Making conclusion and reporting about stability of the product under test • Possibility to perform testing activities on several projects, communicate with developers, project managers and test specialistsRequirements: • 4+ years of professional experience in QA Automation of Web products via Selenium (WebDriver) and supportive frameworks. • Solid skills in Java and OOP. • Solid skills in software development Design patterns • Experience with Test Automation for Mobile • Strong experience in creation of automation frameworks from scratch • Experience with implementation of automated testing for project and system • Strong experience with continuous integration processes and tools (Jenkins, teamcity, or similar) • Experience in conducting code review approaches • Experience of working with version control systems (e.g. GIT, SVN and others) • In-depth knowledge of test automation approaches and procedures • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types • Understanding of Agile/Scrum • Master’s or Bachelor’s degree in Computer science or relevant • Good English skills — Upper-Intermediate and aboveWould be a good plus: • Experience with Mobile automation • Experience with API level testing • Experience in leading a small teams • Knowledge of programming languages, such as JavaScript/Python/C# would be a great plus • Some experience with cloud-based automation solutions like Saucelabs, Browserstack • Good knowledge of SQLPersonal skills: • Good analytical skills • Good team player, motivated to develop and solve complex tasks • Strong communication and problem solving skills • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented • Strong attention to details and accuracyWhat’s in it for you? • Very close cooperation with different clients • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Dynamic and challenging tasks • Ability to influence project technologies • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills • Low bureaucracy, European management style • Continuous self-improvement • Trainings • ISTQB/JAVA8 Certification preparation • Knowledge sharing meetingsAbout Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
On behalf of Testing Center of Excellence, Ciklum is looking for Middle Automation QA Engineer (with Java) who wants to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership.Testing Center of Excellence is looking for technology experts who want to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership.We are a growing business unit of Ciklum with currently over 100 employees, specializing in Software quality assurance. Currently we are dealing with approximately 59 projects simultaneously. Our projects usually last for 6-12 months and our technological focus is mainly on web and mobile technologies. So, you’ll have the opportunity to get frequently in touch with new projects, processes, approaches, technologies, and tools. Through direct knowledge exchange with international clients you are an important contributor in making them successful.Our environment gives you the opportunity to share your professionalism to help team members grow and we support you with training and education in the areas where you want to develop.Responsibilities: • Participation in development of test automation framework architecture • Automation of regression and other functional testing on Web/Mobile projects • Building and maintaining automated testing frameworks. • Integrating automated testing into CI process. • Test case adjustments for automated testing needs. • Test data and test environment preparations. • Making conclusion and reporting about stability of the product under test. • Possibility to perform testing activities on several projects, communicate with developers and project managersEssential skills: • 3+ years of professional experience in QA Automation of Web/Mobile products via Selenium (WebDriver)/Appium and supportive frameworks • Solid skills in Java and OOP • Experience in creation of automation frameworks from scratch • Experience with implementation of automated testing for project and system • Experience with continuous integration processes and tools (Jenkins, teamcity etc) • Experience of working with version control systems (e.g. GIT, SVN and others) • In-depth knowledge of test automation approaches and procedures • Good experience with API level testing • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types • Understanding of Agile/Scrum • Master’s or Bachelor’s degree in Computer science or relevant • Good English skills — Intermediate and aboveWould be a good plus: • Experience with Mobile automation • Knowledge of programming languages, such as Javascript/Python would be a great plus • Experience with Amazon solutions and tools • Some experience with cloud-based automation solutions like Saucelabs, Browserstack • Good Knowledge of SQLPersonal skills: • Good analytical skills • Good team player, motivated to develop and solve complex tasks • Strong communication and problem solving skills • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented • Strong attention to details and accuracyWhat’s in it for you? • Very close cooperation with different clients • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Dynamic and challenging tasks. • Ability to influence project technologies. • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills. • Low bureaucracy, European management style. • Continuous self-improvement. • Trainings • ISTQB/JAVA8 Certification preparation • Knowledge sharing meetingsAbout Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
— 1,5+ year of experience as QA engineer in IT company; — Higher degree in IT field; — Great academical background; — Experience in writing test plans, check lists and test cases; — Good analytical skills; — Good English (writing and speaking).— Experience in requirements analysis; — Experience with HW components; — Experience with MacOS; — Experience in testing software for hardware.— High competitive salary; — Social benefits, paid vacations, sick-leaves; — Career possibilities with growing team; — Friendly environment and comfortable schedule; — English & Yoga classes, lunches.
On behalf of Testing Center of Excellence, Ciklum is looking for Middle Automation QA Engineer (with JavaScript) who wants to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership.Testing Center of Excellence is looking for technology experts who want to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership.We are a growing business unit of Ciklum with currently over 100 employees, specializing in Software quality assurance. Currently we are dealing with approximately 59 projects simultaneously. Our projects usually last for 6-12 months and our technological focus is mainly on web and mobile technologies. So, you’ll have the opportunity to get frequently in touch with new projects, processes, approaches, technologies, and tools. Through direct knowledge exchange with international clients you are an important contributor in making them successful.Our environment gives you the opportunity to share your professionalism to help team members grow and we support you with training and education in the areas where you want to develop.Responsibilities: • Participation in development of test automation framework architecture • Automation of regression and other functional testing on Web/Mobile projects • Building and maintaining automated testing frameworks. • Integrating automated testing into CI process. • Test case adjustments for automated testing needs. • Test data and test environment preparations. • Making conclusion and reporting about stability of the product under test. • Possibility to perform testing activities on several projects, communicate with developers and project managersEssential skills: • 3+ years of professional experience in QA Automation of Web products via selenium (webdriver)/ Protractor and supportive frameworks • Solid skills in JavaScript • Experience in creation of automation frameworks from scratch • Experience with implementation of automated testing for project and system • Experience with Continuous Integration processes and tools (Jenkins, teamcity etc) • Experience of working with version control systems (e.g. GIT, SVN and others) • In-depth knowledge of test automation approaches and procedures • Good experience with API level testing • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types • Understanding of Agile/Scrum • Master’s or Bachelor’s degree in Computer science or relevant • Good English skills — Intermediate and aboveWould be a good plus: • Experience with Mobile automation • Knowledge of programming languages, such as Java/Python would be a great plus. • Experience with MochaJS, Jasmine would be a great plus • Some experience with cloud-based automation solutions like Saucelabs, Browserstack • Good Knowledge of SQLPersonal skills: • Good analytical skills • Good team player, motivated to develop and solve complex tasks • Strong communication and problem solving skills • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented • Strong attention to details and accuracyWhat’s in it for you? • Very close cooperation with different clients • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Dynamic and challenging tasks. • Ability to influence project technologies. • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills. • Low bureaucracy, European management style. • Continuous self-improvement. • Trainings • ISTQB Certification preparation • Knowledge sharing meetingsAbout Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
• 5+ years of experience in manual testing • 3+ years of test automation experience ( C#) • Proven work experience in commercial software development • Proven work experience in software quality assurance • Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes • Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases • Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing • Solid knowledge of SQL and scripting • Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process• Competitive salaries; • Good career growth opportunities; • Paid sick leave • Medical insurance • 24 working days paid vacation; • External and internal trainings; • English lessons • Modern comfortable office equipped with table tennis, sport corner, shower and bicycle-parking area• Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback • Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases • Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities • Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs • Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved • Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs • Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements • Investigate the causes of non-conforming software • Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts • Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies
— 2 + years of experience with Quality Assurance — Experience with manual testing web-based applications — Strong experience with quality assurance and analysis of business requirements — Testing skills of RESTful web services (using Postman) — Experience in Agile development and Scrum framework — Experience with Jira, Confluence — Spoken and written intermediate English level— Basic knowledge of MySQL — Familiar with Microservices Architecture• Competitive salary (depends on skills and experience) • 5 working days, 8 hours per day • Unlimited coffee, milk, cookies, etc. at the office • Compensation sick leaves (8 days per year), vacation (20 days per year) • Team buildings, pizza and beer parties, corporate events • Free English lessons • Bonus system for sports activities • Professional and career growth— Create detailed and well-structured test plans, checklists, test cases. — Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing and Sprint activities — Communication with customer, understanding of business processes — Modeling and supporting project documentation, such as client business models and requirements. — Daily communication with our team
— 2+ years experience with automated testing using ProtractorJS, Selenium WebDriver automation tools for web apps — Experience working with load testing tools (Gatling, Load Impact, JMeter) — Ability to work in different OS (Windows, Linux, MacOS) — Experience in testing Web applications in various browsers — Experience working with testing tools — Experience working in command line — Ability to work with SQL tables — Ability to work with bug-tracking systems (Jira) — Strong knowledge of testing types and methods — Experience writing test documentation (test plans, test cases etc.) — Understanding of the development process — English (written) Pre-Intermediate level or higher— Experience in creation of API/UI automation testing from scratch — Experience in creation of Performance testing/Load testing/Stress testing from scratch — Experience testing microservice web applications— High & competitive salary — Challenging work in an international professional environment — Opportunity to influence software development process, to be the owner of the product in your field of expertise — Opportunity to apply SAFe methodology — Individual development plans for employees — Flexible management — Relocation Bonus when moving from a different city / country — Full benefits package: paid vacation and sick leave — Continuous professional development (free internal and external professional trainings) — Free English classes in the company office — Free use of the services provided by Namecheap — Quarterly teambuilding activities — Coffee, tea, fruits, office lunch delivery— Write E2E automated tests for a web application — Perform automated testing using Protractor to test web app with backend on PHP 7, Node.js, and front-end on AngularJS — Test microservice components — API automated testing
— 2+ года опыта на должности QA — опыт работы по Agile методологиями — опыт в тестировании функционала front-end веб-приложений, взаимодействия систем со сторонними API — навыки создания и апдейт тестовой документации — опыт построения процессов QA — опыт работы с MySQL и составления запросов — опыт работы с системами баг-трекинга (мы работаем с JIRA) — английский на уровне Intermediate, чтобы понимать документацию и интерфейс веб-приложений— работать с Selenium для автоматизации тест-кейсов — понимать, как работает хостинг, домены и SSL-сертификаты — работать в консоли SSH — иметь опыт работы в продуктовой компании— достойную заработную плату (по результатам собеседования) — участие в профильных семинарах и конференциях за счет компании — оплачиваемый отпуск и больничный — оплачиваемые занятия английским и Speaking Clubs — абонементы в тренажерный зал — чай, кофе, фрукты, доставка обедов прямо в офис— тестировать веб-приложения в сфере хостинга: весь цикл от Shopping Cart до прекращения предоставления услуги — тестировать верстку html-страниц сайта — тестировать интеграции с внешними API доменных регистраторов, платежных систем, панелей хостинга — улучшать процессы тестирования в компании
Requirements: QA Course/training Jira BS/MS degree in Computer Science or Applied math preferable writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test casesEnglish language (min Intermediate)please send your CV to hr-ua@lcgroups.comThis is Great career opportunity to work in international company. IT department based in Ivano -Frankivsk daily English practice, also Skills up due to very complicated and interesting projects where you can use all your knowledge and potential to learn newQA Manual tests Automation is a plus
— An understanding of software QA methodologies, tools, metrics and processes. — Knowledge of SDLC, STLC. — Perform functional, regression, UI, smoke, API, ad-hoc testing and other. — Manage issues and defects in management tools. — Experience in creating requirements, test plan, test cases, checklists. — An ability to work across the team, including developers, DevOps, managers, to improve our product quality and reliability— Experience in Agile/Scrum development environment. — Understanding of network protocols. — Experience in technologies (HTML, CSS, SQL, Git).— Flexible working schedule — Stable salary and social guarantees — English course — Compensation of sports activities, certification, conferences and seminars— Define and maintain test plans and test specifications for functional, integration and performance testing — Execution of test cases and reporting of product defects — Work closely with developer teams and other IT professionals to analyze and resolve product defects — Advocate for quality best practices and help develop metrics to ensure these being followed — Develop your technical understanding to support and build your career.
— An understanding of software QA methodologies, tools, metrics and processes. — Knowledge of SDLC, STLC. — Perform functional, regression, UI, smoke, API, ad-hoc testing and other. — Manage issues and defects in management tools. — Experience in creating requirements, test plan, test cases, checklists. — An ability to work across the team, including developers, DevOps, managers, to improve our product quality and reliability— Experience in Agile/Scrum development environment. — Understanding of network protocols. — Experience in technologies (HTML, CSS, SQL, Git).— Flexible working schedule — Stable salary and social guarantees — English course — Compensation of sports activities, certification, conferences and seminars— Define and maintain test plans and test specifications for functional, integration and performance testing — Execution of test cases and reporting of product defects — Work closely with developer teams and other IT professionals to analyze and resolve product defects — Advocate for quality best practices and help develop metrics to ensure these being followed — Develop your technical understanding to support and build your career.
2+ years of experience in software projects as Quality Assurance and/or Quality Control engineer Experience in test automation using Java / Groovy Experience in RESTful API testing Skills in BDD test approach and tools: JBehave, Cucumber Skills in test frameworks development, support, and refactoring Basic skills in Linux/Unix and Networking (on CCNA level) Good troubleshooting, communication, organizational and time management skills English on the intermediate level or higherTesting automation using Groovy, Spock framework Good knowledge in Unix administration / DevOps Experience with network scanners, performance measurement OpenStack projects experience Experience with SDN, NFV Experience with Kibana Amazon AWS knowledge Experience with RabbitMQ; AMQP based services testingWorking with Fortune 500 companies and cooperating with industry leaders (Google, Intel) Build large scale, innovative systems for mission-critical use Collaborate with exceptionally passionate, talented and engaging colleagues Competitive compensation package with strong benefits plan Lots of freedom for creativity and personal growth On-site English coursesReview proposed architecture solutions and take part in it break-down, estimation Analyze features requirements, user stories, and design test artifacts: test case specification, traceability matrix Automate designed test cases using existing test framework with BDD approach Features testing using automated tests on different structure levels: component, integration Test reports analysis, failed scenarios troubleshooting Support existing automated tests in CI-CD pipelines. Take part in pipelines configuration Participate in issues troubleshooting and investigation in different environments
● At least 3 years of experience in quality assurance ● Good knowledge of different testing methodologies ● Understand the architecture of web systems ● Good knowledge of web-application testing (HTML, CSS, XML) ● Experience in creating and supporting of test documentation (test case, bug report, test plan) ● Version control systems (SVN, Git) ● Strong communication skills, team working● Good compensation package ● Lots of interesting and challenging tasks ● Possibility to choose and suggest technologies ● Comfortable work schedule ● Zero bureaucracy ● Friendly team with great corporate culture and mentorship (visit us and see it yourself) ● US democratic management style ● Opportunities for self-realization, professional and career growth ● Corporate events and activities ● Professional seminars and training, professional studying● Project to start with is about fixing the data difference (ids, prices, etc) ● “Reconciliation engine” (link and fix the problems) ● Plan to grow this from the internal tool
Proven working experience in software development and software quality assurance Proven working experience in web and mobile testing Knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans, test cases, checklists and bug reports Experience with Jira, Mantis or Redmine English — IntermediateWeb and mobile automation experience Knowledge of WordPress, Laravel, Magento Team Lead experience Experience with DBs (MySQL, MS SQL) Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process 1+ years of Testing and Releasing Applications experienceWorking for an American based company with US, UK and German clients Friendly and inspiring work environment Career growth opportunities English working environment and paid regular English classes Fun teambuilding events once a month (go kart racing, bowling and other fun activities) Paid in-house trainings Nice and secure office in a central location Paid sick leave, personal days and vacationManage QA activities Manual testing of web applications Creating test documentation — test plans, test cases, check lists, bug reports Develop QA processes and implementing them
We are looking for a talented Middle/Senior QA Engineer to work with development team to troubleshoot issues that arise with testing of security incident management system/client management system of the enterprise.
2 or more years of commercial project work Experience with Test Automation QA experience — manual testing, test case documentation and test cases automation Knowledge and/or experience with agile development methodologies such as Scrum are a plus Comfortable playing a number of different roles based on the needs of the team Must be passionate about learning, technology, working in teams, and product developmentComfortable office in the city center with snacks and coffee International language courses and fitness Stable salary, corresponding to your level Qualification upgrade coursesDevelop and maintain QA process and artifacts (test plans, test cases, testing results, test case coverage) Apply automatomation to regression and other functional tests Integrating automated testing into CI process Perform exploratory testing and provide usability feedback Assist team with identifying, creating, and decomposing requirements. Example activities include: creating workflows and use cases Work with product/business owner and developers to clarify requirements and acceptance criteria
— 3+ years of proven Manual QA experience — Experience in building QA strategy for Web Apps from scratch — Extensive knowledge in bug reporting and creating test cases — Ability to identify anomalies and problems — Four-year bachelor degree — Upper-Intermediate English skills level— Automation QA experience with NighwatchJS or similar (e2e tests) — Experience with Rainforest QA would be a plus— Standard features (gym, insurance, etc.) — Friendly team — Regular and awesome team events (video games, championships, movies, etc.) — Full time job — Career growth, skills development — Business trips to USA if requiredWhat to do: — Improve the existing Testing strategy to achieve max stability — Manual UI testing — Write test cases for Rainforest QA (experience not required) — Automation UI testing using NightwatchJS (e2e / integration) — Identify opportunities and implement improvements in operations and workflow — Travel to USA as required to have deep understanding of client’s domain
Requirements: Ability to manually find and exploit basic web vulnerabilities Experience with various penetration testing tools (e.g. BurpSuite, Metasploit, OWASP ZAP) on Linux and Windows Experience with HTML, XML, JavaScript, CSS, SQL, and JSON Experience with one or more scripting languages: Python, Ruby, PHP, Bash, and Perl. Knowledge and understanding of Application Security, System and Network Security, Authentication and Security protocols Familiarity with OWASP Testing Guide, OWASP Top 10, WASC-TCWhy join COMODO: • Competitive salaries. We know for sure that there are no such cookies in the world that can substitute the good paycheck :), so we provide competitive salaries according to the level of your skills. • Interesting projects. Being a product company, we can ensure that you will be working on a challenging and interesting project (architecture-wise and functionality-wise). This way you will grow your expertise and develop a lot of new professional skills. All our projects are long-term. • Flexible working schedule. We have flexible 8-hours working day, so you can work in your most productive time. • Comfortable working environment. Our offices are conveniently located and have separate comfortable rooms for each team. • Friendly team of professionals. One of our top priorities is creating welcoming atmosphere throughout the company. We promptly address individual needs of our employees and constantly grow team spirit during corporate events. Benefits that we offer: • fully paid sick leave and vacation days (20 working days per year); • company-paid medical insurance; • compensation of gym membership; • compensation of the tax payments; • company-paid English classes; • recreation area equipped with pin-pong table and other amenities; • incentives for the creative ideas.Responsibilities: Vulnerabilities discovery in Manual and Automated ways as part of Penetration testing and Application Security reviews; Evaluation of security risks and recommendation of threat mitigations; Documentation of findings and reports presentation; Security trainings for internal QA and Development teams;
Requirements: Experience in QA manual, including test case designing 1+ year of automation testing experience Experience in mobile automation testing will be a plus A mix of manual and automation experience (primarily automation) on Android/IOS Knowledge and practical experience with Java/Python environment testing mobile applications Experience with JUnit/TestNG/Maven/Gradle Experience with RobotFramework Good Android and/or IOS platform knowledge. Being in practical charge of Continuous Integration and QA environments Ability to design and develop testing frameworks Experience with mobile testing frameworks like Appium Strong knowledge and practical experience with Git Knowledge of specific software tools (Bug Management systems, Test Tools) Interest in constant self-improvement Readiness to share your knowledge with other colleagues Continuous Integration/build systems’ knowledge (Jenkins) Leadership and initiative skills English Intermediate levelWould be a plus: Test Driven Development/ Behavior Driven Development Experience of testing mobile app from scratchWhy join COMODO: • Competitive salaries. We know for sure that there are no such cookies in the world that can substitute the good paycheck :), so we provide competitive salaries according to the level of your skills. • Interesting projects. Being a product company, we can ensure that you will be working on a challenging and interesting project (architecture-wise and functionality-wise). This way you will grow your expertise and develop a lot of new professional skills. All our projects are long-term. • Flexible working schedule. We have flexible 8-hours working day, so you can work in your most productive time. • Comfortable working environment. Our office is conveniently located and have separate comfortable rooms for each team. • Friendly team of professionals. One of our top priorities is creating welcoming atmosphere throughout the company. We promptly address individual needs of our employees and constantly grow team spirit during corporate events. Benefits that we offer: fully paid sick leave and vacation days (20 working days per year); company-paid medical insurance; compensation of gym membership; compensation of the tax payments; company-paid English classes; incentives for the creative ideas.Responsibilities: Take part in definition of Automation Road Map Taking part in review and design Automation tests Configure and Execute Automation test Create detailed bug reports based on test executions Report progress and testing results to Management Close cooperation with QA and DEV
The Ideal Candidate— 3+ years of experience in QA within commercial projects, especially in manual testing of web-based applications and e-commerce solutions; — Creation/maintenance of test documentation; — Knowledge of HTML, CSS, XML; — Strong understanding of working client-server applications; — Clear understanding of software development lifecycle, and process for quality assurance; — Experience in working with requirements; — Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, processes, and tools; — Experience in Jira, Zephyr/Test Rail and Confluence systems; — Agile / Scrum experience; — Basic experience with version control systems (CVS / SVN / GIT); — UX testing approach and understanding; — Understanding of bug source FE, BE; — Tracking and resolving issues after UAT, acceptance criteria: Bug, CR; — Experience in test result evaluation, reporting, and metrics; — Ability to deal with multiple projects; — Excellent spoken and written English.Optional:— Experience of working with Selenium WebDriver framework; — Using browser tools and add-ons to verify CSS and JS — Experience in several types of non-functional testing; — Experience with performance and/or security testing.What Balance Means to Us— Modern office, comfortable work environment, the best tools; — Business trips to Europe/US; — 20 working days’ vacation; — Medical insurance; — Sick Leave (up to 20 days a year); — Unpaid leave (up to 20 days a year); — Exceptional Paid Day Off (2 days); — Private Entrepreneur leave (2 days); — Ability to work from home; — Professional internal/external trainings; — Professional Certifications coverage 100%; — English classes; — Sport hobbies compensation; — Ability to participate in Global Valtech R&D initiatives (AR/VR projects, IoT projects).The RoleYou will work in multidisciplinary teams on websites and platforms for our global clients. You will use all sorts of techniques, tools and test cases, depending on the chosen test approach and goal: end-to-end testing, integration testing, regression testing, exploratory testing etc. Finally, you will get involved in new projects in which you will give advice and set up the approach to QA for the project on your own or in cooperation with your other QA colleagues. If to be more specific, you will: — Review requirements specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback; — Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases; — Estimate, prioritize, plan, and coordinate testing activities; — Regression, Functional, Exploratory, UI, Integration, Performance testing; — Work in a QA team to analyze business requirements, report and verify bugs’ to guarantee the quality of the developed ecommerce solutions; — Manage testing environment; — Provide support to junior team members; — Run and Maintain Test Automation Scripts for regression testing; — Lead and facilitate testing; — Provide updates to the task estimates and status of assigned tasks. As a consultant and as a binding part between developers and our clients you are expected to develop expertise both in technology and the means to communicate complex concepts and rationale to non-techies. We’ll encourage and support this with frequent opportunities to share ideas internally. We also have consultants frequently deliver at regional, national and global conferences.
— практичний досвід роботи тестувальником ПЗ від 2-х років; — вміння пояснити складні технічні концепції простою мовою; — бажання передавати свій досвід і ділитися знаннями; — комунікабельність; — вміння знаходити підхід до кожного студента.— досвід менторства; — досвід публічних виступів.— можливість професійного росту в ролі викладача; — гідна оплата; — комфортні умови праці.— навчати групу 10-14 людей (2 заняття на тиждень по 2 години у вечірній час); — відповідати на питання студентів та бути для них ментором і наставником.
• 2 or more years of commercial project work. • Extensive experience in implementing QA standards, procedures and controls. • Strong understanding Client-Server architecture. • Experience with Java Programming Language (nice to have). • Experience with developing and executing test plans, test cases and test suites to support both manual and automated testing. • Understanding of CI/CD processes and delivery pipelines.• An exciting and challenging job in a dynamic team. • Competitive compensation. • 8-hour working day and 5-day working week. • 20 working days paid vacation. • Medical insurance. • Substantial performance bonuses paid two times a year. • Salary review once a year. • Talented guys around and comfortable working conditions. • Free corporate English trainings. • Professional Trainings. • Cute and funny corporate events. • An exciting and challenging job in a dynamic team.• Work closely with teams to lead QA processes and achieve high-quality new features. • Provide reports about Quality Status of new developed features. • Review testing scope for new features. • Investigate production incidents root causes and provide prevention actions for them. • Manage risks for releases and report about them. • Review regression scope in order to have only relevant and necessary test cases during Regression Testing. • Lead version regression process: create test plan, organize outsources contribution. • Report to Upper Management about progress, plans and problems. • 2 or more years of commercial project work. • Extensive experience in implementing QA standards, procedures and controls. • Strong understanding Client-Server architecture. • Experience with Java Programming Language (nice to have). • Experience with developing and executing test plans, test cases and test suites to support both manual and automated testing. • Understanding of CI/CD processes and delivery pipelines.
Профессиональные навыки: Осмысленное знание MySQL Знания FTP, SSH, JSON\XML, специальные инструменты IDE Знания CSS/HTML/PHP/Javascript Понимание Scrum/Kanban. Понимание различных SDLCЛичностные характеристики: Системный и ответственный поход к решению задач Коммуникабельный, командный игрок Высокий темп самостоятельного обучения Бесконфликтность, пунктуальность, исполнительность и аккуратность, Нацеленность на результатзаработная плата (ставка+ бонусы) рабочий день 8 часовой (с 9:00 до 18:00) офис БЦ Гелиос (м.Берестейская)Мануальное тестирование Написание скриптов тестов Постановка задач на исправление дефектов
• Теоретическая база в тестировании ПО; • Опыт в тестировании web, desktop, mobile приложений • Понимание client server architecture • Понимание принципов разработки ПО. • Опыт написания и работы с тестовой документацией • Fiddler, Postman • Работа с DevTools • SQL • Понимание основных принципов работы AgileДостойную компенсацию, которая позволит сосредоточиться на развитии проекта и своем профессиональном росте У нас сильная команда, увлеченная своим делом, в которой есть у кого поучиться. Сложные и интересные задачи — реальная практика в построении масштабных сервисов, оптимизация, тонкости работы с нагрузками, распределением задач и т.п. Рост и развитие — тренинги и семинары внутри компании, курсы английского, участие в ключевых мероприятия IT индустрии. Комфортные условия работы — офис со всеми условиями и удобствами; очень дружная команда; вкусный чай кофе, печеньки; есть спортзал где созданы все условия для тренеровок, а также курилка и небольшой живой уголок с белками)) Мы находимся не далеко от метро Берестейская. График работы с 9:00 до 18:00, понедельник-пятница. Если Вам было интересно и Вы готовы стать частью нашей дружной команды пишите, Ждем Ваши отклики!)● Написание тестовой документации (тест-кейсы, чек-листы, баг-репорты); ● Тестирование (manual) существующих продуктов компании; ● Тестирование (manual) новых продуктов компании; ● Взаимодействие с подразделениями компании.
Required: Minimum 3+ years of experience in Quality Assurance position Web application QA experience Experience with Postman, Fiddler, Chrome dev tools Knowledge of methods and processes used in quality assurance of software programs Knowledge and skills in agile methodology Well-developed analytical and problem solving skills Good written and oral communication skills and strong report writing skillsDesired: Test automation experience Forex industry experience C#/SQL/JSON/XML programming experience Mobile QA (iOS/Android) experience Good EnglishWhat we offer: Attractive remuneration package Health insurance Friendly working environment Regular company events Personal development opportunities And much moreYou will work closely with Client-side software developers, designers and project managers in relation to our product’s specifications and customer requirements. You will run functional tests, customer scenario testing, stress testing, performance testing, GUI testing, scalability testing, sanity testing, automated testing and manual testing. You will write test plans, test cases, check lists. The ultimate goal is to iron out any bugs and improve the quality of the finished product.
— знання процесів тестування і методологій; — вміння писати документацію QA — Test cases, Check lists, Test plans; — знання життєвого циклу дефекту; — розуміння, де і для чого використовується: xml ,css, html, http, dns; — базові знання SQL; — базове розуміння WEB і мобільних технологій; — добре знання ОС Windows та базове знання ОС Linux; — базова технічна англійська.— знання однієї із мов програмування на базовому рівні: C++, C#, JavaScript; — досвід роботи із SVN, TeamCity; — знання Selenium, Jira, Firebug, TestLink, Xray; — досвід використання середовищ роботи з SQL (TOAD, SQL Developer...); — вища освіта в області інформаційних технологій; — високі аналітичні здібності; — добре розвинені комунікативні навички; — увага до деталей; — бездоганна грамотність; — вміння концентровано передавати знання у вигляді інструкцій та/або міні-посібників.— широкі можливості для професійного розвитку; — ринкову заробітну плату; — чудову робочу атмосферу; — корпоративні курси вивчення англійської мови; — зручний та комфортний офіс (столова та ігрові зони); — гнучкий робочий графік; — участь в корпоративних заходах та мандрівках.— підготовка та супровід тестової документації: Test cases, Check lists, Test plans; — аналіз вимог і тестування; — відстеження дефектів; — ручне тестування.
We are looking for an experienced QA person, with at least 1.5-2 years worth of relevant experience. The successful candidate is highly proficient in spoken and written English and obligatory has background in hi-tech, IT or microelectronics.Must have requirements: 2+ years of experience with QA testing for a software company. Skilled in different methods, technologies, and types of software testing and test design techniques bug tracking system (Jira, Bugzilla), version control systems (SVN, Git) Strong knowledge of software product lifecycles Experience in creating and supporting of test documentation (test case, bug report, test plan) Strong communication skills, team working English — intermediate + technical Understanding of iterative process workflowWe need an active person who believes in the revival of Ukrainian microelectronics & Hi-tech industry with a strong will to learn new things every day.Challenging tasks and excellent professional growth opportunities Competitive salary High-quality medical insuranceWorking on manual testing of all kind of components of POLYTEDA`s PowerDRC/LVS — the cross-platform software (Windows, Linux, Cloud SaaS) Working with the automatic regression/performance test suite, analyses of the results Preparing test cases, test specification, QA reports Handling our corporate Wiki Participation in customer`s technical support.
On behalf of EFG, Ciklum is looking for Senior Mobile QA Engineer for iOS platform to join Kyiv team on full-time basis.Our team has already 5 years of experience in the successful development of web-based applications with SCRUM methodology for EFG bank. Now we want to repeat our success in a new area — development of native mobile applications on Android and iOS platforms for financial market.Client details: EFG is a worldwide private banking group. The e-business division, located in Geneva, is in charge of a portal hosting all the public web sites of the group, as well as the intranet, extranets and ebanking services. EFG is building a new platform for all the e-business solutions and partnered with blue infinity to deliver a state of the art platform based on Java technologies.Client’s website: efginternational.comResponsibilities • Design and implement mobile application testing processes in the project • In close cooperation with Product Owner from EFG bank elaborate and clarify applications features • Design and document test scenarios for the futures • Manual testing mobile applications on iOS platform • Be able to learn and participate in writing automated tests on Appium • Learn from your colleagues and share your own knowledge and experience with others • Work in human size intercultural project with opportunities for everyone to work on various technologies and be part of the decisions.Requirements • Higher education (preferable in IT) • 3+ years of manual testing of mobile applications • Must have previous experience in testing iOS Apps with writing test scenarios • Experience with TestRail is a plus • English spoken and written on the intermediate level or higher • Experience with REST is a plus • Experience with writing and running automation tests is a plusWhat’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • Competitive salary • Possibility to work in a big and successful company • Career and professional growth • Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation and other social benefits • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions • Variety of knowledge sharing and training opportunities • A lot of various technical seminarsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
• 2+ years of QA automation experience • Java programming skills, TestNG based test automation • SOAP and RESTful Web Services • SQL / DB expertise • Working with JSON, XML, YAML • Must have in-depth knowledge of software development lifecycles (experience in Agile methodologies is required) • Strong communication, technical and remote collaboration skills are a must • Ability to effectively conduct technical discussions directly with Project/Product management, and customer • Excellent team collaboration skills • Strong relationship building and maintaining skills. • Strong written and verbal communications in English• Performance testing with JMeter, LoadUI • experience in PCI DSS regulated projects • Web UI testing expertise • Maven, Jenkins • BDD, JBehave • IPC understanding, Wireshark / tcpdump expertise.• Analysis of the functional and technical specifications • Manual and automated test strategy creation • Functional, performance, and security testing • Negotiation with customer representatives: product owner, engineers.
• Working experience as a QA Engineer (at least 1.5 years); • Clear understanding of QA methodology; • Experience in mobile applications testing (Android preferably), Android SDK, XCode, proxy tools; • Test designs technics; • QA documentation maintenance; • Exploratory testing skills; • Experience in Agile; • Experience in eCommerce Application Testing; • English — Upper-Intermediate.• In-house, full-day work in a comfortable office; • Competitive compensation; • Opportunity to work in a great Mobile Team; • Opportunity to work in the international environment; • Professional and career growth; • Paid vacation and sick leaves; • A benefits package; • Business trips and international cooperation; • Events and team buildings; • Free English classes with native speakers; • Corporate discounts for air tickets, hotel reservations, car rent around the world.• Provide manual testing for Android Apps; • Support all aspects of quality assurance testing during the System Development Life cycle from requirements understanding to test execution; • Execute manual test scripts for requirement validation, integration, regression, performance, and usability testing; • Develop quality assurance standards and track quality assurance activities; • Participate in test strategy, test estimation, and planning discussions to learn and apply detailed business requirements; • Draft testing artifacts, including Test Plans Perform analysis related to enhancements to the application; • Maintain understanding of current and new testing technologies; • Assist with technical artifacts (such as Use Cases and User Interface Specifications) and engage in technical discussions.
Required skills: Strong computer background, attention to details Deep understanding of testing processes, methodologies Knowledge of bug-tracking systems Ability to create and update project documentation Requirements analysis Ability to investigate and solve problemsAdditional skills: English — Strong (!) Intermediate level and up Experience with testing gamesInteresting and challenging work for a large and established US company Stable employment complying with all local tax laws and regulations Projects involving newest technologies Professional development opportunities 24 days of paid vacation Official Ukrainian holidays are non-working daysWork in a QA team to analyze business requirements, create and execute test cases, report and verify bugs’ to guarantee the quality of the developed enterprise-level game solutions Keep all project QA-related documents/files up-to-date. Ensure that developed QA-related documentation and other artifacts of testing meet the agreed standards/guidelines Actively participate in daily project team meetings and brainstorming activities related to the project Provide updates to the task estimates and status of assigned tasks Collaborate with project team
2+ years of commercial experience in web testing; Experience and good theoretical knowledge of API testing (Postman); Good experience in working with any DB; Ability to work with SQL queries; Good knowledge of QA methodologies, procedures & documentation; test management tools (TestRail) and bug tracking system (Jira, Assembla, Asana, etc); Ability to understand and talk to native speakers is necessary for this position (at least strong intermediate English level).Experience in mobile testing will be a plus. Master’s / Bachelor’s degree in Applied Mathematics, Computer Sciences, Information Security or related (may be incomplete)Opportunity to improve your skills in manual and automation testing (both mobile and web) Great environment for self-development: tech talks, trainings, free English classes We constantly launch QA training center, this is a great opportunity to become a mentor and share experience with beginners Competitive social package (paid vacations and sick-leaves, coverage of ISTQB certification and professional events, relocation support) Modern office with rest zone, growing library of latest business literature and own football team One of the best places to work in Lviv (based on DOU rating)Testing the back-end part of the project
On behalf of Ellos Group, Ciklum is looking for a Senior QA Automation Engineer to join Kyiv team on full-time basis.Client details: Ellos Group — with companies Ellos, Jotex and Stayhard — is one of Nordic region’s leading e-commerce groups. Working closely with our millions of customers, we constantly strive to develop and offer attractive fashion and household items for the entire family. Our focus is always on the customer. Ellos Group, headquartered in Borås and with operations in all Nordic countries, has approximately 750 employees and 2015 sales of SEK 2 billion. Ellos Group’s principal owners are Nordic Capital Fund VIII.Client’s website: www.ellos.seResponsibilities • Main areas are to write, update automation test cases and analyze • Actively contribute and drive ongoing improvements and testing strategy • Reporting to the team leader and focus on working within teams within all stages of the software development life cycle • Some travel to Sweden will be requiredRequirements • At least 3+ years of proven experience as a Java Automation Tester, ideally with mobile and web based/e-commerce products • Java programming skills • Be able to improve key techniques in existing automation framework • Write and update automation test cases • Support continuous integration processes and system deployments • Work closely with the QA / Developers / Product Owner to achieve a high level of quality • Provide good visibility and communication of all activities to the team • Selenium Web Driver/Selenium Grid, TestNG • HTTP Client (API) • Knowledge of SQL • Appium Service • Experience of using agile methodologies in particular SCRUM would be beneficial • Good in communicating in EnglishDesirable • Bitbucket, Git and Jenkins knowledge is highly desirable • Jira and Confluence experience would be beneficialPersonal qualities: • Social • Solution oriented • Team playerWhat’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client; • Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities; • Business trips to SwedenAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
-2+ years experience as a QA Engineer -Strong background in manual and automation testing; -Automation experience with Python (Page Object Pattern) -Advanced knowledge and practical experience of test design techniques implementation; -Experience with VCS (GIT), CI tools (Jenkins), Selenium WebDriver, Appium ; -Understanding of HTTP and HTTPS protocols, JSON, XML data formats; -Strong analytical skills; -Good communication and problem-solving skills; -A great team player motivated to develop and solve complex tasks; -Intermediate English or higher;-Good experience with API level testing; -QA Analytics -Product Description-Friendly team and open-minded management; -Opportunities for professional development; -Competitive salary and social package; -Centrally located office (Kharkiv, sub. st. Universitet, sub. st. Pushkinskaya)CVs that meet the requirements of the vacancy will be considered within 5-10 business days-Work in a team of Manual and Automation QA Engineers; -Develop autotests for Web and Mobile platforms; -Participation in sprint planning with the teams; -Work as part of cross functional, passionate agile project teams to ensure quality is driven into the heart of the development process from requirements definition through to delivery; -Designing, developing and supporting frameworks for our test infrastructure and providing automation expertise to our development teams; -Contributing towards predictable delivery of quality releases; -Proactively bringing issues and problems to the attention of the team; generating, proposing and -implementing innovative solutions to solve them; -Ensure that all tests are executed and give regular feedback to the team lead on the status of quality.
• Good knowledge of Selenium framework and practical experience of using it • Knowledge of C# programming language • Knowledge of NUnit framework • Experience in writing UI automation tests in Visual Studio • Understanding of front-end technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript • Familiarity with browser development tools • Understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX • Understanding of RESTful Services and APIs • Problem-solving, testing and debugging skills • Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git • Experience in writing test documentation and reporting bugs in Jira • Provide a Requirement analysis for a defined scope of work • Experience in tools, techniques, and platforms for defect tracking, test design, and execution and ability to configure them on a required level • Ability to prepare test design according to the defined test approach to guarantee full coverage of product specifications or requirements • Suggests areas for improvements in internal processes along with possible solutions • Provides peer review of testing documentation and suggests solid comments for improvements • Participate in technical meetings • Understanding of SDLC • SCRUM and Kanban frameworks • Great client-facing skills • English level — Intermediate Strong and above • Ability to multi-task with multiple priorities and time frames • Ability to work independently with no supervisionTechnologies: Technologies for Automation Tests - • Programming: Visual Studio 2017, .NET Framework, C# • UI Automation Framework: Selenium • Tests Framework: NUnit • Issue Tracking system: Jira, Zephyr Core Project technologies - • Frontend: Angular.JS 1.5, ES2017+, SASS, gulp, webpack, mocha+testem • Backend: Python 3.5, REST, Flask/Gunicorn, SQLAlchemy, Docker, RabbitMQ, Redis, Pytest • Databases: PostgreSQL, Apache Cassandra • Cloud: Microsoft Azure • Architecture: microservicesYou will work alongside incredibly talented professionals in the team of diverse positions that helps to bring best practices into improving relationships between healthcare institutions, government, and people. In particular, as a Quality Control Automation Test Engineer, you will be one of the responsible people for that quality in the project. This will be reached by developing reliable automation tests that minimize the time of testing. Your duties and responsibilities as an Automation Test Engineer will cover both Manual QC and Software Developer duties and will inter alia include: • Communicate with the Client • Plan own work being part of the whole team • Coordinate own work with other team members, including Client, developers, manual QC • Provide requirement analysis • Create/update/review of testing documentation • Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code of automation tests • Ensure technical efficient solutions • Report all issues found • Take part in project related meetings • Suggest items/areas for improvement
— Не менше 2 років досвіду роботи QA спеціалістом — Знання процесу розробки та проектування програмного забезпечення — Навички написання технічної документації — Вільна розмовна та письмова українська, англійська та російська мови — Досвід роботи в державному або банківському секторах буде перевагою — Вміння працювати з автоматичними тестами (Python, Robot Framework, Selenium, Jenkins) буде перевагою — Вміння працювати у команді, комунікативність — Орієнтація на вирішення проблем та вміння планувати і пріоритизувати — Високий рівень мотивації та проактивна громадянська позиція — Наявність власного ноутбуку— Координація тестування майданчиків підключених до Електронної торгової системи (ЕТС) ProZorro.Продажі — Розробка тест-кейсів — Проведення ручного тестування майданчиків підключених до ЕТС ProZorro.Продажі — Підготовка технічної документації — Своєчасне реагування та документація інцидентів — Консультування майданчиків з питань використання системи ProZorro.Продажі
• 2+ years of work experience in QA domain • Practical experience in developing test automation • Knowledge of PowerShell, Git, JMeter and other test automation tools • Familiar with XML, .NET • Familiar with SQL or other database technologies • Good written and oral communication skills in English• Experience with C# • Experience in debugging and code review • Understanding of Azure or cloud technologies in general• Flexible working hours, competitive salary with benefits and bonuses • Work with skilled and passionate colleagues who care about the results • Good opportunities for further training and professional education • English classes and health insurance at company expense • Long-term employment with social benefits• Responsible for full test lifecycle including writing test plans, test cases, writing automated tests in C#, PowerShell, JMeter and test automation tools, executing tests • Creating scripts for deployment/load testing • Analyzing output results and forming reports for all above testing types, tracking the bugs • Configuring continuous integration environment/servers • Take part in the decision making process concerning releases • Participate in product development
— 2 year or more of experience as a QA Engineer; — Experience of testing for multiple devices (e.g. mobile, tablet, desktop) and multiple channels (e.g. web, APIs); — Understanding of HTTP protocol, JSON, XML data formats; — Perform functional/regression/stress/smoke testing of various infrastructural system components and modules; — Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques, and types;— Experience in documentation testing: checklists, test suites, test cases, bug reports; — Experience with bug-tracking systems; — Intermediate English level.— Manual testing experience, testcase maintenance via Zephyr (Jira extension); — Automated testing experience — create new and maintain existing acceptance tests written on PHP or Java; — Basic knowledge of databases and skills working with at least one database management system (one of the following: MSSQL, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.); — Experience in coordinated work with a team of developers at all stages of project implementation; — Understanding of the Scrum processes.— High salary + potential for professional growth (we help you grow and mentor you); — Сollaboration with team including product CEO; — Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities; — Employment benefits — paid holidays, sick-days; — Full-time work, 8 hours + 1 hour for lunch; — Flexible working hours; — Friendly and comfortable work environment; — Sweets and good mood; — English courses.
JustCoded Company due to expansion of staff is looking for a talented and attentive Quality Assurance Engineer.Requirements:• At least 2 years of experience in quality assurance • Have strong knowledge of QA theory • Good knowledge of different testing methodologies • Deep understanding of the development processes and software lifecycle • Experience with Test documentation: test cases, test plans, test reports • Understand the architecture of web systems • Good knowledge of web-application testing (HTML, CSS, XML) • Understanding of CMS (Wordpress, Magento) • Written and spoken English (intermediate and above) • Strong analytical skills • Proven ability to break things • Ability to learn • Keen eye to details, responsible, self-organized• Excellent career prospects • Interesting projects and comfortable work environment • Friendly supportive team of professionals • Official employment • Tax refund • Fully paid sick leaves and vacation days • Partial compensation of your sports classes • English speaking club • Sporting eventsIn this role, you should have a keen eye for detail and excellent communication skills. If you are also competent in executing test cases and are passionate about quality, we’d like to meet you.
JustCoded company is inviting an experienced Senior QA to join our professional team• At least 3 years of experience in quality assurance • Have strong knowledge of QA theory • Good knowledge of different testing methodologies • Deep understanding of the development processes and software life cycle • Experience with Test documentation: test cases, test plans, test reports • Understand the architecture of web systems • Good knowledge of web-application testing (HTML, CSS, XML) • Understanding of CMS (Wordpress) • Written and spoken English (intermediate and above) • Strong analytical skills • Proven ability to break things • Ability to learn • Keen eye to details, responsible, self-organizedAbout us: We work with custom PHP projects for real estate, publishing, healthcare industry as well as develop online stores and build Javascript applications. Recently, we have started to work more with FinTech projects and aim to have more clients in this field.• Excellent career prospects • Interesting projects and comfortable work environment • Friendly supportive team of professionals • Official employment • Tax refund • Fully paid sick leaves and vacation days • Partial compensation of your sports classes • English speaking club • Sporting eventsAre you quick to spot the critical bugs? Do you excel at finding what’s wrong with software? Does creating the best software and user experience excite you? JustCoded is looking for a Senior Quality Assurance engineers like you.In this role, you should have a keen eye for detail and excellent communication skills. If you are also competent in executing test cases and are passionate about quality, we’d like to meet you.
On behalf of CODE Worldwide, Ciklum is looking for an Intern/Junior QA Engineer for our team in Dnipro on a full-time basis.Code is a digital transformation business. We help our clients to invent a new future for their marketing through data and technology. We work at the intersection of technology, marketing, data, media and user experience. We offer our clients services in Transformation Consultancy, Data Engineering, Customer Experience Management technologies and Marketing Technology. We also develop and maintain our own Forrester-recognised Marketing Technology solution, adZU, which is used by 10,000 businesses worldwide. Our key clients include Best Western, Castrol, Christie’s, Domino’s, Jaguar Land Rover, L’Oreal, Mercedes-Benz, Mothercare, OMD, PHD, Samsung and Telstra. Code has a global presence and employees spanning nine cities, located in the UK, Europe, North America, China, Singapore and Australia. To learn more visit www.codeworldwide.com Code is the data and technology division of Omnicom Precision Marketing Group (OPMG) and provides technology and data innovation to agency brands RAPP, Proximity, Critical Mass, Organic, Javelin and Targetbase. We are also the leading provider of technology and data solutions to Omnicom Media Group and responsible for the development of Omnicom’s integrated technology solution. Culturally, Code is an innovative, fast moving, exciting, occasionally demanding place to work.Responsibilities Manual testing of complex software with UI (brand-new software products based on unified platform, new features, bug verification); Requirement testing, analysis and clarification (direct communication with product owner); Communication with team and knowledge gaining/sharing.Requirements 0,5+ year in QA: Functional testing of web-applications Black box testing (boundary values, equivalence partitioning) UI/UX Testing HTML, CSS-selectors SQL Excellent knowledge of QA theoryDesirable jMeter; OWASP ZAP.Personal skills Self-motivated; Oriented to long-term life results; Interested to work with huge systems; Attentive to details; Has analytical way of thinking.What’s in it for you:About Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us!
REQUIREMENTS:The ideal candidate has a bachelor’s degree in computer science area or similar adequate education and the following skills:1+ years of testing experience within a Software Quality Assurance or Engineering organization Experience in testing mobile apps, cross — browsers testing on different OS Good understanding or experience in the Quality Assurance processes and software development process Knowledge in Usability and User Interface testing English background, enough to understand technical documentation and handle test cases, bugs, etc.WILL BE A PLUS:Bug tracking tools (Jira and others) Passion to games Experience in Game development processes as QA Engineer Experience in testing social casino / facebook games Experience in working independently as well as in a teamWE OFFER:Very warm and friendly working environment Continuous professional competencies development and professional growth opportunities Free external and internal professional trainings and certifications Foreign languages learning in the company office (different levels of language skills; etc.) Ukrainian labor legislation guarantees 40-hours working week with flexible working hours Annual paid vacations (20 working days) Medical insurance and health protection programs Compensation of the transport expenses for candidates from other cities invited to our Kyiv office for an interview Corporate / team / special events Challenging work in international professional environment Starting from your first working day you will get free meals (three times a day — breakfast / dinner / supper) in the company restaurant Sport activities in our office gym with a personal coach (yoga, boxing, etc.)RESPONSIBILITIES:Test Games and Game related features (GUI, Usability, Functional, Integration) To provide test design (create test — plan, test cases) Provide usability expertise to the development team Bug and defect handling, to analyze the defined behavior and actual functional behavior and to report bug Bug fixes verification Communication with development, art, analytic teams Testing Game ballance and configurations
MATRIX42 is a worldwide software producer for the IT System and Service Management, that offers an integrated range of products for medium to large enterprises, with its head quarter in Germany, is looking for an Senior QA Engineer to fill a long-term vacancy in the Kiev office*. *Matrix42 Ukraine is presented for 10+ years and is a stable, product-oriented company (not projects).Technical SkillsGood knowledge of different kinds of testing Strong software and web application testing experience Experience in Test Automation testing using Selenium WebDriver or Protractor frameworks Experience with JavaScript and Powershell scripting languages Experience with bug tracking and test management toolsSoft SkillsStrong product quality orientation Analytical and problem-understanding thinking Self-motivating and team-playing attitude Good English in speech and writing Higher technical education or other relevant experienceAs a plusDevOps (bash and CI maintaining) Knowledge of Web services and API testing (REST) Security, Performance testing Experience with Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS) Knowledge of development processes Experience with agile methodologies, especially Scrum Experience with business applications or business management topics Knowledge and experience with any CI systemWe offerHighly Competitive compensation (depends on the candidate level) Long-term employment Attractive benefits package paid sick leave vacations (25 working days) English courses Medical Insurance Participation in development of exciting and challenging solutions Office in downtown Kiev Professional training which meets company needs Free coffee, tea, juice, snacks Regular company events locally and abroadResponsibilitiesCreating test strategies and test cases for end-to-end feature testing Testing of the customer problems and hotfixes Improving test automation framework Maintaining existing test environment Root causes analysis of failed tests
— Опыт работы от 2х лет — Знание принципов ручного тестирования веб-приложений — Опыт автоматизированного тестирования от года — Понимание жизненного цикла разработки программного обеспечения, жизненного цикла дефектов — Умение написать тестовую документацию (тест планы, тест кейсы и т.д.) — Высокий уровень личной ответственности, умение брать на себя ответственность за свои поступки — Пунктуальность — Работа на результатО нас: Разрабатываем инновационные продукты Предлагаем достойную оплату Гибкий график работы и комфортные условия работы Сильная команда Минимум бюрократии Уютный офис на подоле (300 метрах от метро)
Знание типов тестирования и методов тестирования. Умение работать со средствами автоматизации Selenium WebDriver + Java/Python и автоматизированное тестирование API Знания и навыки в области программирования (ООП, знания языков программирования: Java/Python/JavaScript) Опыт автоматизированного нагрузочного тестирования Опыт работы с Docker Опыт работы с CI Опыт работы с Git Пунктуальность Работа на результатО нас: Разрабатываем инновационные продукты Предлагаем достойную оплату Гибкий график работы и комфортные условия работы Сильная команда Минимум бюрократии Уютный офис на подоле (300 метрах от метро)
• 2+ years web-projects in manual testing of web projects is a must • 1+ year of exp.in manual testing of mobile platforms (Android, iOS) • Strong knowledge of the theory of testing • Understanding of the software development lifecycle and its various development methodologies • Knowledge of databases and SQL • Basic knowledge of web technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP) • Experience in automated testing will be a plus • Experience with the Linux command line • Your English level should be at least intermediateexperience with PostmanEngaging the working process with challenging tasks in a professional environment; Open-minded, collaboration-friendly, invention-driven team; Transparent, quality-oriented working process without excessive bureaucracy; Freedom / Elbow room / License to apply professional expertise — your decisions matter; Continuous learning opportunities and personal development plan; Team building activities: Corporate and team events External and internal professional training and conferences Recreational activities (football, bicycle rides, tennis, running marathons, etc) English grammar classes (for different levels of language skills; etc.) and speaking clubs in the company office; 40-hour working week with flexible working hours (8 work hours + 1 lunch hour, work hours can start from 8 to 10 am until 5 to 7:00 pm); Annual paid vacations (18 working days) Paid sick leaves (10 working days) Travel expense compensation for candidates from other cities; Tax compensation (Social & Single Social Payment); Finance consulting and accounting support.Manually testing the web and mobile applications and related API; Actively participating in the development process to help our clients to achieve their goals; Creating your own QA processes that allow shipping reliable and beautiful products.
Requirements: • 2+ years of experience in software testing, at least 1 year in test automation • Experience in Web UI and API testing • Strong background in manual testing • Confident coding skills (Java/Groovy) • SQL / NoSQL skills • Self organized person • Well-developed soft skills • English Intermediate+Advantage if familiar with: • JavaScript • VCS (Git) • CI (Teamcity) • Linux (basic commands) • Microservices architecture • Experience in testing web and mobile social games (casino is preferable)Responsibilities: • Requirements analysis (from high-level to low-level) • Test planning and test cases design • Functional testing (Web UI and API), including error handling, logs/metrics investigation, etc. • Issues tracking • Continuous learning of new tools, approaches and frameworks • Create, run and maintain automated tests on different levels (unit/component/integration)

We are a hardcore research and product development company hungry to build the next generation of smart home security products. Our research organization is focused on applying AI, machine learning, computer vision and intellectual data analysis technology for Ring products. Our product teams cover all aspects of SW development and QA of Ring products and solutions. We are in charge of firmware, hardware, mobile applications and backend development. Our deliverables should meet highest quality standards because Ring products are used by millions of customers around the world.We are looking for a Head of QA to join our Research department. On this role you will create a team of dedicated test engineers and make sure that all testing processes within research projects are set up and running smoothly.— 2 + years experience in leading the QA team (5+ people) — Excellent knowledge of testing methodologies — Experience in writing test documentation — Understanding of embedded systems principles — Experience in testing ML projects — Advanced level in Unix-based systems — Ability to work in a fast-paced work environment in a rapidly growing company — Advanced level of English— Understanding of QA processes, techniques, approaches, methodologies and software development lifecycle, and ability to apply the knowledge into daily operation — Candidate would establish and lead a team of manual and automation QA engineers — Candidate would design and keep running clear and efficient communication process between QA team and teams involved in delivery — Candidate will be responsible for validating the quality of multiple products of the company by establishing a state of the art QA process — Candidate would estimate and allocate required resources to perform full cycle of product’s validation — Candidate would communicate with stakeholders and must be able to provide reports on product’s quality and it’s readiness for production— Working for one of the top product companies in the world: Ring.com — Opportunity to influence the products quality — Challenging tasks — Competitive salary — PE accounting and support — 18 paid vacation days per year — Fully equipped A-class office space in the business center (near “Olimpiyska” subway station) — Social package, including gym membership compensation, medical insurance — Free meals, fruits and sweets — Educational possibilities, knowledge hub and free English classes — Career plan, professional growth and quarterly performance reviews
We are a hardcore research team hungry to build the next generation of computer vision and machine learning technology. Ring’s R&D-center in Kiev that is focused on applying AI, machine learning, computer vision and intellectual data analysis technology for smart home security products.We are looking for an experienced and open-minded QA Engineer familiar with embedded systems testing. You will be responsible for validation of Ring products firmware, taking care of testing sets creation, gathering devices data and reporting issues.— 3 + years experience in manual testing — Experience in testing of embedded systems — Knowledge of testing methodologies — Experience in UNIX/Linux — Understanding of network principles — Understanding of embedded systems principles — Experience with bug tracking systems — Experience in writing test documentation — Good written/spoken English — Ability to work in a fast-paced work environment in a rapidly growing companyNice to have— Experience debugging hardware and firmware — Python basic knowledge — Experience with 802.11 protocols — Experience with low-powered systems — Experience with audio/video data streaming — Familiarity with SQL databases and elastic search — The ability to root-cause failures across software, firmware, and hardware— Working for one of the top product companies in the world: Ring.com — Opportunity to influence the products quality — Challenging tasks — Competitive salary — Relocation bonus — PE accounting and support — 18 paid vacation days per year — Fully equipped A-class office space in the business center (near “Olimpiyska” subway station) — Social package, including gym membership compensation, medical insurance — Free meals, fruits and sweets — Educational possibilities, knowledge hub and free English classes — Career plan, professional growth and quarterly performance review
Nowinfinity is looking for strong Junior QA (manual) to work on Australian leading cloud-based platform for document and entities management. Product is complicated but interesting and requires the conscious approach to testing, high attention for details, good analytical skills and diligence.What we require: — 1,5 year of web testing experience is a must — experience in different types of testing — good experience in creation of test documentation (check-lists / cases) — strong knowledge of test documentation — good written English (Intermediate and higher) — ability to self-learning and self-organization — strong ability to prioritize in multitasking environmentWe offer: — Interesting and hard project. We’re working hard, developing fast and learning lot of new things every day. — Market rates — Paid sick and annual leaves — Tickets to IT Events and trainings — Performance related rewards — Office in the center of Lviv — Free English classes — Fresh croissants every morning :)Duties: — testing the sprints both on test and pre-production servers — write, support and execute test cases (Zephyr) — investigate Clients cases and transactions — to take part in writing the project documentation — be active, think fast and test perfect :)About product NowInfinity is an automation, legal documentation and corporate compliance provider specialised innovative productivity, integration and government services.This platform used by Advisers, Accountants, Bookkeepers and Lawyers. The core of NowInfinity is powerful document generation engine where you can choose from over 60 best-of-breed documents. The company has a few multi-disciplined teams in IT, Law and Superannuation operating in Ukraine, Philippines, Australia, New Zealand.Our product is a flat-fee business portal delivering high end strategic documentation, training, technical and marketing strategies to enhance the client’s experience, build the firm’s profits all within an elite network of like-minded businesses. We are building a subscription-based B2B product based on Dynamics CRM, .NET, Aurelia.
­ 5+ years of proven software testing experience ­ Experience in testing web applications and mobile apps ­ Ability to work in a small team US startup environment ­ Automated API testing experience, Selenium/Protractor, SQL ­ Ability to document and troubleshoot errors ­ Working knowledge of test management software & Agile frameworks ­ Experience with Uptime and monitoring systems like Uptimia, loader.io etc. ­ Attention to detail & Strong organizational skills ­ Analytical mind and problem-solving aptitude ­ Fluent written and spoken EnglishAs a plus: BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related fieldFull-time challenging job in Kiev office (NOT remote) Competitive salary­ Test Web application and mobile app ­ Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze results ­ Evaluate product code according to specifications ­ Create logs to document testing phases and defects ­ Report bugs and errors to development teams ­ Conduct post-release/ post-implementation testing ­ Work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycle
• розуміння тестової методології, знання інструментів тестування • володіння інструментами для роботи з реляційними базами даних SQL / (Oracle буде +) такими як Toad, PL SQL Developer • знання систем: Windows, Linux (бажано) • базові навики роботи з операційними системами Linux / Unix, знання основних команд для роботи в командній оболонці • практичний досвід роботи з SCRUM методологією • комунікабельність та мотивація до роботи • освіта: бакалавр, спеціаліст, магістр • рівень англійської мови — середній, для розуміння документаціїзагальне знання банківських продуктів та технології проведення банківських операцій (було б не погано)• багато систем та ПЗ, тому це не проектна робота, ми гарантуємо завжди можливості для розвитку та стабільну роботу • класний менторінг від досвідчених спеціалістів • завжди нові виклики та зони розвитку • працюмо офіційно, а це відпустка, лікарняні (повний соц пакет)• аналіз, документування та перетестування виявлених дефектів з метою створення тестових сценаріїв (test cases) • виконання функціонального, компонентного та системного тестування • здійснення документального оформлення результатів проведеного тестування, згідно визначених форм • вміння створювати тестову стратегію • розробка та запуск ручних тестів
Коммерческий опыт в тестировании ПО — не менее 1 года; Знание теории, методик тестирования; Знание и опыт работы с базами данных (например, MySQL, PostgreSQL) ; Опыт в тестировании API; Опыт работы с баг трекинг системами (например, с JIRA); Уровень английского — достаточный для чтения документации; Способность быстро разбираться в условиях задач и требованиях; Желание развиватьсяБазовые знания любого языка программирования; Знания основных команд Linuxофициальное оформление с гарантиями КЗоТ; конкурентную, своевременную ЗП, социальный пакет; работу в комфортном просторном офисенаписание автотестов анализ результатов тестовых прогонов документирование ошибок верификация исправленных программистами ошибок мануальное тестирование ревью кода
— Minimum 1 year of software testing experience; — Deep understanding of the development processes and software lifecycle — The strong theoretical knowledge base in software testing — Experience with a manual testing Desktop application, Web application, and server-side components — Experience in API testing: Swagger and Postman — Experience creating and supporting testing documentation (checklist, test case, bug report) — Experience with bug tracking system (JIRA) — Experience in using tools: Fiddler and Charles — Knowledge of Agile methodology — Understanding the client-server architecture — Understanding of web technologies: HTTP, XML, and JSON — Good communication skills — Team player — At least intermediate level of English— Knowledge C# (at the reading code level); — Automation define/testing experience; — Proven knowledge in XML with the ability to analyze XML; — Proven knowledge in .Net Client-Server testing techniques; — Be able to work with JMeter.— Employment in a growing dynamic company — An excellent team of professionals — Extensive opportunities for professional growth and career — Competitive salary — Social packaging (medical insurance, flexible holidays schedule, visa sponsorship) — Free English lessons— Quality assurance and product tests
You will be a part of a team that provides full cycle and independent QA and QC for a huge and complex SOA-based information system of a telecom provider. You will be responsible for the automation and manual testing of the core business logic using API, Linux shell and database calls. You should be ready to say “Goodbye” to the UI-based tests for a long time.• Good knowledge of Core Java is mandatory • Automation frameworks development using Java|Groovy, Maven|Gradle, TestNG • Experience in Integration and E2E testing • Root Cause analysis • Knowledge of SQLBossless organization structure, informal and open culture, we have no guys who parasitize on a food chain of accountability, flexible processes. Please find more about us at agilites.com/careers.html
You will be a part of a team that provides full cycle and independent QA and QC for a huge and complex SOA-based information system of a telecom provider. You will be responsible for the Grey-box testing of the core business logic using API, Linux shell and database calls. You should be ready to say “Goodbye” to the UI-based tests for a long time.• Integration and E2E testing • Root Cause analysis • Knowledge of SQL • Experience in Static testing of analytical and architectural artefactsBossless organization structure, informal and open culture, we have no guys who parasitize on a food chain of accountability, flexible processes. Please find more about us at agilites.com/careers.html
2+ years’ experience as QA or Test Engineer; Experience in manual testing of web applications on different platforms; Good knowledge of software testing practices and methods Ability to transform complex business processes into creating STP and STD; General understanding of continuous integration and automation testing tools; Basic knowledge of Linux systems — command line interfaces; Experience with databases (Mongo, MS SQL); Experience in creating and maintaining test cases; Proven experience with Version Control Systems (Git is preferable); English level — intermediate or higher.Participation in mobile application testing; Working experience in Ad-Tech industry; Basic knowledge in PHP or other programming languages; Work with tests automation tools and frameworks like Selenium, Storybook, PHPUnit, etc.; Familiarity with Vagrant, Docker or other virtualization tools; Be able to work with Apache JMeter and alike.Free education: courses, personal certification, field-oriented conferences; Free English courses three times a week; Free access to company’s library; Daily 4 O’clock Tea — time to gather, have a snack and chat; Sports sections membership included.Implementation functional (manual) testing of UI and back-end; Performing API testing; Work with a database (checking query results); Preparation of test plans, test cases, test documentation.
— Functions, stack frames, heaps, exceptions, important Ring3 Windows internal structures, PE file format, CPU Architecture. — Understand and bypass Anti-Reversing techniques. — Perform manual unpacking on packed executables. — Basic understanding of x86 assembly language. — Buffer overflow (ROP-chains, ROP Attacks). — Shellcoding. — Post-Exploitation and Pillaging methodology. — Pentest Reporting.— iOS and Android architectures basics, mobile applications reverse engineering, mobile applications static and dynamic analysis. — APKTool, Dex2Jar, GDB Debugger, Cycript and many others.• Competitive salaries.We know for sure that there are no such cookies in the world that can substitute the good paycheck :), so we provide competitive salaries according to the level of your skills.• Interesting projects.Being a product company, we can ensure that you will be working on a challenging and interesting project (architecture-wise and functionality-wise). This way you will grow your expertise and develop a lot of new professional skills. All our projects are long-term.• Flexible working schedule.We have flexible 8-hours working day, so you can work in your most productive time.• Comfortable working environment.Our offices are conveniently located and have separate comfortable rooms for each team.• Friendly team of professionals.One of our top priorities is creating welcoming atmosphere throughout the company. We promptly address individual needs of our employees and constantly grow team spirit during corporate events.Benefits that we offer:• fully paid sick leave and vacation days (20 working days per year);• company-paid medical insurance;• compensation of gym membership;• compensation of the tax payments;• company-paid English classes;• recreation area equipped with pin-pong table and other amenities;• incentives for the creative ideas.— Reverse engineering of drivers and client-based-applications on Windows, Linux and on Mac — Reporting and explaining vulnerabilities and recommendations of ‘how to mitigate found vulnerabilities’ — Evaluation of security risks and recommendation of threat mitigations; — Documentation of findings and reports presentation; — Security trainings for internal QA and Development teams;
• Knowledge of software testing and testing methodology • Experience in writing test documentation: check-lists, test cases, bug reports etc. • Good technical and analytical skills • Experience in using databases (MS SQL and/or Oracle) • Good interpersonal skills, experience in working in a team• Experience in SE methodologies (e.g. RUP, XP etc.) • Passion to master new technologies• Competitive dollar-denominated salary • Stable employment • Flexible working hours • Comfortable office facilities (3 min from the metro station ’Universitet’) • 24 days of paid vacation + official Ukrainian holidays are non-working days • Challenging projects involving neural networks, risk assessment, credit scoring, decision management • Open-minded and reliable team • Opportunity to exceed as a professional and bring in your vision • Free English classes & Speaking Clubs• Project test and iterations planning • Functional, integration & UI testing • Test results analysis • Participating in the improvement of testing processes in a project team • Reviewing requirements, technical specifications
You will be a member of the team that develops Digital Therapeutics Platform. You will take part in the manual and automated testing of the whole solution including Web, Mobile, and API, working closely with Developers, Test Automation Engineers, and Product Team.• At least one year of experience in testing • Experience in the Web and Mobile apps testing • Understanding of a test design methodology • Experience in creating documentation according to the user-stories • Experience in detecting, localization, and reporting defects • Experience in using mobile OS toolkits (Xcode, Android SDK, iTools, etc...) • At least Intermediate level of English (spoken, and written)Bossless organization structure, informal and open culture, we have no guys who parasitize on a food chain of accountability, flexible processes. Please find more about us at agilites.com/careers.html
— Good theoretical knowledge of testing levels and types — Strong knowledge of test design techniques — Databases knowledge (SQL) — REST API testing basic knowledge — English — Intermediate level or higher.— Jenkins — GitHub — Postman — Selenium WebDriver experience— On-work training and possibility for professional growth — flexible working hours — 20 paid vacation days — English lessons — opportunity to work for one of a major US provider — tasty coffee, tea and cookies— Take responsibility for QA testing activities within the project lifecycle — Functional and regression tests on web projects — Test cases/checklists and other types of test doсumentation creation — Using issue tracking system (JIRA).
We are looking for a smart automation QA in Lviv with at least 2 years of experience in automation testing for UK-based customerRequirements: — 2+ years commercial experience as Software Developer / Software Developer in Test or similar using Java or similar language — 1+ year commercial experience as Quality Assurance Engineer / Software Developer in Test or similar — Understanding of networking, REST services, services architecture — Linux/Unix basic administration experience — Experience with Selenium — Wide expertise in QA processes, including requirements analysis and test planning — Good spoken and written English— Experience with Cucumber— Competitive compensation depending on experience and skills — Individual training programs — 40 hours/week flexible working schedule — Friendly and supportive company environment
● JVM internals, including runtime compilation, memory management, and garbage collection ● Java performance testing, analysis and tuning ● Java and Python software development ● Relational database fundamentals and SQL, particularly MySQL ● Linux process and system monitoring facilities ● Core performance related protocols such as TCP, UDP, DNS, HTTP, TLS ● Basic statistical analysis and experimental design techniques● Relocation to Bucharest ● Competitive remuneration ● Best office in Kiev — 26th floor at Gulliver business center ● 20 working days holiday ● Medical insurance ● Gym ● Flexible working hours● Build tools, libraries, and platforms to manage performance at every stage of software development ● Standardize performance test tools and methodology ● Create/maintain performance test automation framework ● Create/maintain test libraries to aid performance testing of different services ● Build performance testing into continuous integration ● Create and execute performance regression workloads for pre-production testing ● Create performance profiles for prototypes ● Evaluate new platforms and platform upgrades, including new hardware profiles ● Monitor and analyze production performance ● Troubleshoot and profile production performance bottlenecks ● Assist teams with diagnosing and resolving performance issues ● Enable teams to create regression workloads to meet performance objectives ● Publicize gradual performance regressions that may slip through normal analysis ● Pair with other engineers to help them understand how to troubleshoot and diagnose issues ● Document and train engineers on using tools, evaluating results, and applying performance engineering patterns in their design ● Recommend and assist with implementation and architectural changes to improve performance ● Define metrics for measuring performance and help teams improve their systems using those metrics ● Define overall performance strategy and document performance design patterns ● Share sources of inspiration from the software community and be a source of inspiration for others within the company
Необходимые навыки Опыт работы от 2х+ лет — обратите внимание на это, менее 1,5 опыта — рассматривать резюме не будем. Знание процессов разработки и тестированя и приложений Знания типов и видов тестирования и уровней тестирования Опыт кросплатформенного тестирования Опыт анализа спецификаций, построения диаграмм Знание жизненого цикла дефекта Опыт в написании отчетов по тестированию Опыт в составлении STP Умение писать тестовые сценарии разных уровней покрытияТехнологии: Знания веб технлогий ( web client, server, html, web api) HTTP(s) протокол Опыт работы с сетями ( знание модели OSI) Опыт работы и администрирования ОС: Windows, Unix, Android, Mac, IOS Опыт работы с базами данных Базовые знания ООП Базовый знания Python/JAVAофис в удобном месте веселый и дружный коллектив конкурентная зп работа в IT продуктовой компании
We expect that you: — Have experience in manual testing of web applications — Are skilled in securing good quality of IT solutions — Are experienced in test cases developing, defects report creation — Worked with issue tracking systems before (Jira or similar) — Are precise and attentive in testing on any kinds of devices and platforms — Speak and write English well (international project)It is a further plus if you: — Have a background within information technology or computer science — Know test automation tools, e.g. Leapwork — Have knowledge of content management systems (CMS), e.g. Drupal or WordpressJYSK is looking for full time QA consultant working for 4 months from our office in Kiev.In the autumn, JYSK will be performing a technical transition of most of our web shops from Drupal 7 to Drupal 8. To ensure the user experience remains the same, we seek a QA Consultant who will build regression test for the current user interface. The regression tests will be used to validate the Drupal 8 implementation. Upgrading our large e-commerce platform will require strong quality assurance with a focus on detail and thorough testing.You will work closely with JYSK’s software developers, whom are all ambitious and highly skilled. You will meet a dynamic working environment, where advanced technological solutions and continued development happens every day.
English level — Intermediate Strong theoretical knowledge of QA Experience in web/mobile applications testing Strong ability to locate and describe issues with paying attention on details Team player, self motivated, quick learner Perfect candidate should love break things :)Experience in test cases and checklists creation Knowledge of any bug tracking system (e.g. JIRA) Good knowledge of iOS & Android platforms Experience in using Mac OS XСамую лучшую работу с гибким графиком в продуктовой компании, достойную оплату труда ( зафиксированную в $ США), дружный коллектив, отличное рабочее место в новом офисе возле метро, достойный компенсационный пакет: мед страховка, обучение английскому, спортзал, бассейн, индивидуальное место на парковке, администрирование СПД, компенсация налогов, оплачиваемый отпуск и больничные. Размер оплаты и количество stock options определяется по результатам собеседования, в зависимости от уровня кандидата.● Testing of solution that combines web service and mobile apps on iOS & Android ● Communication with development team during work process ● Defining issues and proposing the solutions and improvements
5+ years experience in software testing; 2 years of experience as QA on the Server-side; Strong knowledge of Linux/Unix environment; Great experience in querying files (regular expressions,bash, unix files commands); Bug detection abilities and good analysis to root cause detection; Experience in using SVN (or similar source code tools), Building tools (make, Jenkins, or similiar), C++ faults analytics (gdb and similar); English — Upper-Intermediate level or higher.Financial background: Forex, trading; Knowledge of writing automation tests for applications in Unix and Windows environments; Experience with scripting languages — Python, Bash, Perl, PHP or equivalent; Familiar with SQL.Free education: courses, personal certification, field-oriented conferences; Free English courses three times a week; Free access to company’s library; “Little Friday” — corporate event every Wednesday — time to gather, have a snack and a little fun; Sports sections membership included.Digging the system for missing requirements; Going over specifications documents thoroughly to find special cases and scenarios; Doing full coverage for Configuration files to find problematic values and combinations; Becoming the house-expert of the application; Be a part of rapid testing cycles to deliver high quality products.
— досвід роботи в тестуванні від 2-х років — володіння англійською intermediate+ — впевнене знання теорії тестування — знання методологій розробки, підхід до тестування в кожній з них — досвід тестування веб та мобільних додатків — Розуміння особливостей тестування мобільних платформ — «Hard user» ios або android у повсякденному житті — вміння складати тестову документацію — Критичне мислення і любов до людей— технічна освіта — знання та досвід автотестування — широкий кругозір в технологіях— навчання та індивідуальний план професійного розвитку (IDP) — комфортний офiс в центрі міста з кавою, смаколиками та терасою з видом на Дніпро — фiнансовий та юридичний супровiд ФОП — корпоративнi iвенти, пiцца-патi, участь в освітніх та розважальних заходах — 50% компенсацiї тренiнгiв, конференцій та занять з англiйської — оплачувані вiдпустка та лiкарняні— планування процесу тестування — тестування і аналіз вимог та дизайну — складання тестової документація, естімейти на тестування — виконання різних видів тестування, підготовка тестових даних — складання звітів про тестування — комунікація з командою та клієнтом
1. 2+ years of professional software automation/development experience 2. Selenium Webdriver 3. C# 4. English — intermediate level or better (written and spoken)1. MS SQL — basic knowledge 2. ASP.Net — basic knowledge 3. HTML/CSS — basic knowledgeWhat do we offer: 1. Interesting work as part of the professional team 2. 21 working days — paid vacations 3. Opportunities for career and professional development 4. Regular corporate events and team-building
Experience in testing the software: — 5+ years Experience in testing the software — 3+ year experience with Java — Knowledge and understanding of Selenium software testing framework — Solid manual/automation testing skills — Good understanding of SDLC — Ability to analyze and troubleshoot problems — Experience with mobile device testing (iOS/Android) — Good knowledge of RESTful API principles — Understanding of databases — Experience in requirements testing — Strong skills in functional, compatibility, integration and regression testing of mobile and web-based solutions— Experience in fintech — Understanding and experience with distributed ledger technologies (DLT) — Experience with stress and load testing — Familiarity with: Postman, Fiddler/Charles, JMeter, Runscope — SQL and NoSQL skills— Good opportunities to work with remarkable teams from all over the world — Lighthearted, inspiring and open company culture — Opportunities to travel — Health Insurance coverage — English language courses — Fresh fruit and other snacks onsite — Fun corporate events :)— Create and execute detailed and well-structured test plans and test cases — Building mobile automation tests framework from scratch — Conduct testing activities according with established SDLC — Communicate test results to dev team and stakeholders and highlight any potential quality risks from test results — Work both independently and in close collaboration with others in the team and across the business — Enhance an existing testing strategy — Report to the managers and to the customer
On behalf of Testing Center of Excellence, Ciklum is looking for a Security QA Manager (Security Project Manager) to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.Client Details: Ciklum Testing Center of Excellence (TCoE) is a software quality assurance unit in Ciklum, which has been evolved very rapidly for the past 4 years to a mature SQA services provider, concurrently serving up to 30 projects, consisting of 70+ SQA professionals, delivering 5 main service lines.Our main principles are: • People are over processes and hierarchy • Flat and open collaboration/communication increases creativity and brings more value to the business • Investing in people and innovations ensures your future • Reuse and share your experience — Develop best practices, publicize and follow themTesting Center of Excellence is an optimal environment for your professional involvement and growth.Testing Center of Excellence is a unique provider of QA Services and QA Consulting in the following areas: • Manual Web / Mobile QA Services • eCommerce QA Services • Automation QA Services • Performance QA Services • Security QA Services • QA ConsultingTesting Center of Excellence Team has the following certificates: • QA area — 46 certificates — ISTQB Foundation • QA area — 3 certificates — ISTQB Advanced Test Analyst & Test Manager • Scrum Master area — 29 certificates — ICAgile Certified Professional • Security area — 2 certificate — Offensive Security Certified ProfessionalQA Awards: Finalist for the European Software Testing Awards (2015, 2016) www.ciklum.com/...​ware-testing-awards-2015, www.ciklum.com/...​ware-testing-awards-2016Testing Center of Excellence is looking for technology experts who want to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership. We are a growing business unit of Ciklum with currently 150+ employees, specializing in Software quality assurance. Currently we are dealing with approximately 30 projects simultaneously. Our projects usually last for 6-12 months and our technological focus is mainly on web and mobile technologies. So, you’ll have the opportunity to get frequently in touch with new projects, processes, approaches, technologies, and tools. Through direct knowledge exchange with international clients you are an important contributor in making them successful. Our environment gives you the opportunity to share your professionalism to help team members grow and we support you with training and education in the areas where you want to develop.Responsibilities: • Pre-sales activities for Security QA Services • Drafting delivery documents for Security QA Services • Management of penetration testing projects • Management of application security projects • Review and approval of Penetration testing and Application security reports • Participation in report presentations to CustomersRequirements: • BS in Computer Science or related field • At least 5 years of relevant work experience in one of the following: IT Audit, IT Security Unit, Information security Unit or Consulting company providing Security services. • Experience in small and “short-living” project-based sub-teams management (up to 3 people). • Experience with Security Projects formal documentation preparation (proposals, engagement letters and etc.) • Experience (basic level) with various penetration testing tools (e.g. BurpSuite, • Metasploit, OWASP ZAP) on Linux and Windows • Understanding of security issues happening in HTML, XML, JavaScript, CSS, SQL, • JSON and ability to define risk for particular issue using provided methodology. • Understanding of security issues happening in Android / iOS applications and ability to define risk for particular issue using provided methodology. • Knowledge and understanding of Application Security, System and Network Security, • Authentication and Security protocols • Familiarity with OWASP Testing Guide, OWASP Top 10, WASC-TC • Upper intermediate English levelDesirable: • Professional certifications. For example, issued by: Offensive Security, SANS, CREST, Mile2, eLearnSecurity, SecurityTube, ISACA, (ISC)2 and EC-Council. • Experience with Bug Bounty programs (e.g. BugCrowd, HackerOne) • Security related publications, blog posts, and/or participation in tools developmentPersonal skills: • Sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills, good ability to learn, resourcefulness, self-motivated, goal-driven, result-oriented • Ability to pay attention to details • Ability to defend personal point of viewWhat’s in it for you? • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Dynamic and challenging tasks. • Ability to influence project technologies. • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills. • Low bureaucracy, European management style. • Trainings • Knowledge sharing meetingsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
4+ years of overall professional experience Software Engineering; 3+ years of experience in Automation Testing of Software; Programming skills: C++ (Google Test), scripting language (Python, Ruby); Cross compilation of C++ source; Experience in Testing Libraries / framework APIs; Testing Process and Bug handling; Debugging in Embedded platforms; Deep knowledge of software testing related best practices; Experience with continuous integration and source control systems; Familiarity with testing methodologies and techniques; Well-organized, details-oriented and a strong team player; Upper-intermediate level of English; Experience in location based services is a plus; Experience in embedded software (specially automotive related) system would be great advantage.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan); Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place); Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients; Flexible work schedule; 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both; Annual vitaminization program for employees; Relocation assistance; English and German courses; Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract; Corporate leisure activities.Responsibilities include: Take over of existing test automation suites from multiple R&D teams; End-to-end verification and maintenance of the whole In-car navigation product, from the dashboard UI to back-end online services; Backward and compatibility testing for new SW and data releases; Maintenance and execution of automated tests; Root causes analysis of failed test and report issues/take corrective actions; Create test reports and report quality metrics, defect troubleshooting and follow up; Maintain test related documentation.
• At least 2,5 years of test experience; • Good knowledge of web•based application structure; • Good theoretical knowledge of testing levels and types; • Test design techniques strong knowledge; • Review and testing requirements; • Bugs life cycle, types of bugs; • Databases general knowledge; • REST API testing basic knowledge; • Experience in UI testing; • Experience in using Firebug; • HTML/CSS good knowledge; • Intermediate English.• Experience in testing on mobile platforms • Experience in performance testingJoining our team is an exclusive opportunity to work on the project where web and mobile testing are performed simultaneously, which includes different target platforms and devices.• Together with the team of developers, be responsible for project quality • Review requirements • Perform functional, loading, regressive, UI, usability testing • Perform API testing • Perform testing using different kinds of peripherals (such as: printers, drawers, scanners, line displays, etc.) • Perform web and mobile testing on different platforms (Android, iOS, Electron) • Create and maintain all related test documentation • Prepare testing data • Communicate and report to client on daily basis
• 1.5-2 years of experience in software testing; • Experience in functional testing; • Understanding of black-box testing techniques; • Experience in web and mobile applications testing; • Upper Intermediate English (written and spoken); • Good analytical skills and attention to details.• Working experience in Agile development teams; • Knowledge of Software Developments Life Cycle; • Communication with foreign customers.• Manual black-box functional testing, regression testing, acceptance testing; • Creation of a test documentation (test cases, checklists); • Participation in daily meetings with the client; • Test reporting and issue analysis.
Technical skills:University degree in a relevant field Practical experience of at least 3 years in software testing Knowledge on Automation Testing will be a plus Excellent knowledge of the English language, both orally and written. Good understanding of the product development process Knowledge and experience of QA methodologies (Agile — SCRUM, V-Model, Waterfall) Technical writing experience (test plans, work procedures, user guides etc.) General knowledge in the area of web applications development practices Experience with testing and bug reporting tools; Ability to effectively use test case management and defect tracking tools. Knowledge in tools similar to JIRA, Bugzilla, Testlink, TestRail and quality center will be appreciated. Experience on Webtesting, Functionality, Usability TestingLarge-scale, international project Complex engineering problems Proficient and fun-to-work-with colleagues Medical and life insurance English/French classes Ability to travel and meet colleagues from all over the worldEvaluate and test new or modified products and applications, to verify that they function according to user requirements and to established guidelines. Review requirements and develop test cases based on those requirements; Create, update and execute test plans and test cases. Work proactively in coordination with the development team for the troubleshooting and resolving of issues in a timely manner. Present ideas on system improvements based on hands on experience. Thoroughly report test results and manage follow up including fix verification, updating bug tracking database etc. Contribute to the design, documentation, implementation and maintenance of test environments and test systems and processes. Contribute to the project hand-over to the support and operations teams.
Required Skills Strong experience developing automated tests for web applications and APIs Experience with Selenium and other test automation frameworks Ruthless attention to detail, quality and consistency, combined with ability to work to tight timescales in a fast-paced agile environment. Experience with Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, Cloud (AWS/Google Cloud) Proficient in Java Familiarity with virtualisation software and containers (Docker).We OFFER: Professional growth; Foreign business trips; Professional conferences; Competitive salaries; Flexible work schedule; Paid vacations and sick leaves; Medical insurance; Free corporate English lessons; Cool and original events; Comfortable rest zones; Parking; Work in a comfortable downtown office with the modern infrastructure.Are you interested? Can you cope? So, we are waiting for you in our friendly team! Please send your CV to hr@isddesign.com While we examine your resume, please join us via Facebook and Instagram: www.facebook.com/companyISDDesign www.instagram.com/company_isd_designROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES You’ll be a key player in an ambitious greenfield project, helping to shape the future of global online teaching and learning, helping to shape the future of global online teaching and learning.Primary Responsibilities Utilising exploratory testing to identify defects early in the SDLC Developing new ways of testing to improve product quality and reliability Creating and maintaining fully automated tests, and contributing to our test infrastructure Helping to diagnose, reproduce and fix issues found by internal users and customers
SteelKiwi is a US outsourcing company with two development centers in two beautiful Ukrainian cities: Odessa and Vinnytsia. Our products are modern mobile and web applications. We use Python/Django stack as a core of web development and all possible front-end tools to make our products shine. We are always looking to expand our team with people who share the same passion for delivering the best results and for resting together after the effective performance. Are you ready?— experience in testing several projects at the same time — experience in testing of Android and iOS mobile applications — experience in testing modern web applications and clear understanding of their architecture — knowledge and understanding of the overall testing process — knowledge of the Agile and Scrum development methodologies and understanding of what role QA engineers play in them — strong desire to grow and improve in the field of Quality Assurance — good grasp of the IT industry and applications testing in particular — solid analytical skills and good sequential thinker — English (Intermediate)— manual testing of web and mobile applications — client’s requirements analysis and creation of test cases/check-lists — conducting test sessions — providing a description of located bugs and submitting them to the issue tracker — ability to cooperate with the development team, Project Manager and the client — leading demo to the customer — work with Postman, JIRA, Jmeter, ZAP— talented colleagues with a good sense of humor — the exchange of experience — the feeling of the importance of what you do — growth prospects for this position — free of charge English classes; paid events attendance — purchase the necessary software, release-party, pizza-party — periodic review of the salary every six months — purchase a laptop or PCWe believe that work can be a pleasure, so we are waiting for someone who shares our views.Stage 1. Interview with HR (Skype or in person, if you want to see our office). Stage 2. Test task (no restrictions on the implementation, but the faster you do — the faster we’ll give you feedback). Stage 3. Interview with the head of the department (Tech Lead).And then we make a decision within 5 days (approximately). If you found yourself in these lines — we are looking forward to your CV.
SteelKiwi is a US outsourcing company with two development centers in two beautiful Ukrainian cities: Odessa and Vinnytsia. Our products are modern mobile and web applications. We use Python/Django stack as a core of web development and all possible front-end tools to make our products shine. We are always looking to expand our team with people who share the same passion for delivering the best results and for resting together after the effective performance. Are you ready?— experience in automation testing using Python — experience in testing several projects at the same time — experience in testing of Android and iOS mobile applications — experience in testing modern web applications and clear understanding of their architecture — knowledge and understanding of the overall testing process — knowledge of the Agile and Scrum development methodologies and understanding of what role QA engineers play in them — strong desire to grow and improve in the field of Quality Assurance — good grasp of the IT industry and applications testing in particular — solid analytical skills and good sequential thinker — English (Intermediate)— automation and manual testing of web and mobile applications — client’s requirements analysis and creation of test cases/check-lists — conducting test sessions — providing a description of located bugs and submitting them to the issue tracker — ability to cooperate with the development team, Project Manager and the client — leading demo to the customer — work with Postman, JIRA, Jmeter, ZAP— talented colleagues with a good sense of humor — the exchange of experience — the feeling of the importance of what you do — growth prospects for this position — free of charge English classes; paid events attendance — purchase the necessary software, release-party, pizza-party — periodic review of the salary every six months — purchase a laptop or PCWe believe that work can be a pleasure, so we are waiting for someone who shares our views.Stage 1. Interview with HR (Skype or in person, if you want to see our office). Stage 2. Test task (no restrictions on the implementation, but the faster you do — the faster we’ll give you feedback). Stage 3. Interview with the head of the department (Tech Lead).And then we make a decision within 5 days (approximately). If you found yourself in these lines — we are looking forward to your CV.
• At least 5 years of experience in automation • Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as Java or C# and solid experience in programming • Experience in testing APIs • Understanding of software development practices • Understanding of the way Web works and the client-server architecture • Advanced knowledge of testing approaches, techniques and methodologies • Good analytical skills and attention to details• Knowledge of software development cycle, Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban) and XP practices • Intermediate + level of English talking and writing • Experience in working with Git, Jira, Confluence, Jenkins• Being a part of an international team focused on excellence in product development • Formal review process twice a year • Very good remuneration • Comprehensive health insurance + gym • Team building and fun activities • High end modern office facilities • Dynamic and friendly work environment • Open and transparent communication • Long term career growth opportunities • Professional growth, extra education opportunities and cross-locations knowledge sharing • English classes • Fruits and snacks in the office• Creation of automation framework for API testing from scratch • Contributing to design, building, and maintaining of auto test framework • Estimating the testing process • Analyzing requirements for new functionality, ensuring their quality and testability • Following the general Test Strategy and continuously improving testing processes • Monitoring, identifying, escalating and removing obstacles that might endanger the agreed release date
• Master degree in a technical study (preferred computer science) or other higher technical education (computer science); • At least 3 years’ experience in databases testing; • Good knowledge of SQL, T-SQL (MS SQL Server); • Good knowledge of test methodologies;• Knowledge in MDX (MS SSAS); • Strong Self learning; • Intermediate + level of English talking and writing; • Open and team-minded personality and communicative.Responsible for Data quality tasks and working across both teams with the data developers in Chameleon and DW team, providing data quality solutions to the business and supporting the daily quality of the data presentation.
• At Least 3 years of experience in manual testing • Knowledge with STP, STD, STR documents • Deep knowledge of QA methodologies • Deep knowledge of network protocols • Highly independent, proactive and with the ability to self-learn • Curiosity and attention to details • Excellent team worker • Experience with debugging tools • Strong understanding of mobile paradigms and technologies, iOS and Android — a big advantage • Strong verbal and written communication skills • Proficient working with bug tracking applications (Jira preferred) • BA/BS/BSc degree, or equivalent experience • Experience with Agile methodology • English level — at least Upper-Intermediate.• Annual bonuses for tasks accomplishment • 20 days paid vacation • Full equipped office in 15 min from Politekhnichnyi Instytut station • Coffee, tea, fruits everyday • Fan zones, happy hours, corporate parties • Flexible and transparent work conditions.You will be testing various platforms such as: • Mobile (iOS and Android) • Unique home systems (Command & Control, Real-time communication network protocols) • Various Web systems.
Обязанности:Практический опыт тестирования не менее 3 проектовОпыт в автоматизации Практический опыт Scrum MasterFull-time с 10:00 до 19:00 Студентов пока не беремТестирование Android, iOS, Web, BackEnd на .NET Быть членом Agile команды Участвовать в обсуждениях Выполнять обязанности технического Scrum Master (проводить вовремя Stand-up, подробнее расписывать user story после Product Owner)
4+ years experience executing quality testing strategies Proficient in testing multi-language and multi-currency platforms Experience determining and relaying functional specifications; capable of defining functional specifications through user stories Upper-intermediate English communication skills, verbal and written Strong capacity to multi-task, prioritize, and perform satisfactorily in a fast-paced environment Strong interpersonal communication and collaboration skills Extensive knowledge of QA tools, such as JRun or LoadRunner, and methodologies Technical skills with knowledge of Java, security testing prefered Knowledge of enterprise application technologies (Database and Application Servers) and issues (scalability, security)BS in Computer Science or equivalent education/experience Experience working with SAP Hybris eCommerce Platform Experience working with B2B or B2C eCommerce systemsCompetitive compensation depending on experience and skills Regular assessments and salary reviews Financial stability Individual career path in engineering Compensation for approved time off Grant of the cost of certification and IT conferences Friendly teamAnalyze user stories and technical requirements for accuracy, feasibility and technical approach Identify and resolve gaps in requirements and acceptance criteria Design test cases that adhere to requirements and verify accurate delivery of functionality Develop positive and negative test scenarios in a test plan Conduct functional testing, Component testing, System testing, and Integration testing within an agile, continuous delivery model Conduct browser and OS compatibility testing Work proactively with a dynamic global team that delivers best-in-class solutions for demanding customers
2+ years of proven experience as a QA; Experience in test Estimation, Test case Preparation, Test Execution, Defect Management; Ability to document and troubleshoot errors; Intermediate level of English; Excellent communication skills; Attention to details; Analytical mind and problem-solving aptitude; Good Knowledge of SQL; Familiarity with Agile frameworks and regression testing is a plus; Good Knowledge of PivotTable (OLAP will be plus); Experience with database testing (DWH will be plus); Experience with REST API services is a plus; Experience with OpenAPI specification is a plus.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan); Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place); Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients; Flexible work schedule; 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both; Annual vitaminization program for employees; Relocation assistance; English and German courses; Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract; Corporate leisure activities.Create manual test cases; Update, review and prioritize test cases; Execute all test cases and report defects; Write, review and analyze team specifications: document release notes and product functionality; Participate in reviews and meetings; Carry out regression testing; Update project manager regularly about the progress of testing activities.
2+ years of experience in testing automation of Angular-based web applications (Protractor, Jasmine or Cucumber-JS) Good understanding of Web technologies (client-server architecture, AJAX) and concepts (HTML, CSS, JS) Awareness of architecture and design patterns and ability to implement them practically Profound theoretical background in SQA methodology and process, test types classifications Design and development of Test Cases for large and complex software applications within the scope of a broader test strategy; Good knowledge of JavaScript core (ECMAScript 2016, 2017 and 2018) Experience working with Unix operating systems Experience of technical testing (e.g. reading angular logs/xml/json, SQL) and toolset (Docker, Putty, Fiddler, MongoDB); Version Control concepts and experience with platforms/tooling (SVN, Git) Working with Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery toolset (Jenkins, GoCD) Experience with Scrum development processes in a fast-paced, dynamic environment Written & verbal EnglishRequirements testing: verification of requirements to meet INVEST criteria; Creating maintainable test artifacts also traceable to requirements; Experience in web accessibility testing; familiarity with WCAG guidelines Familiarity with Spotify Model used to scale basic Agile principles Work with patterns for automation testing ISEB/ISTQB — Foundation level Experience with Webdriver IO and Selenoid9 reasons to join us:1. Business trips to European countries; 2. Possibilities for self-development — We have specially equipped Levi9 laboratories (with 3D printers and other high-tech features resources) when you can work on you own startups or test any other crazy your own genuine ideas; 3. Possibility to share knowledge on tech talks, meetups and conferences in different Levi locations and outside the company; 4. Your health support via compensation of sport activities, vacation policy and private medical insurance; 5. Financial and vacation support of your important life events (wedding, child birth etc.); 6. Democratic banking policy — you can cooperate with us through any legal Ukrainian bank you choose; Tax compensation 7. Work for industry leaders such as TomTom, Xerox, Swarco and others; 8. “Save time” principles. We promote Automation testing and innovation technologies to save the most precious resource — your time; 9. No micromanagement. We are free birds with clear understanding what the high performance is!This position requires deep understanding of quality assurance role on each stage of product development process and profound knowledge of QA mission and methodology.Creation, maintenance and usage of GUI automated scripts on integration and system levels Active participation in refinement and planning sessions, providing valuable feedback and accurate estimates for testing tasks; Working as a member of a self-organized agile team — take active participation in Scrum ceremonies and contribute to the culture of continuous improvement, adopting new promising technologies and tools, applying best practices to business process
Minimum of 4 years experience in software quality control and assurance industry with strong QA process knowledge; Passion for quality; Understanding of Agile methodologies and engineering practices; Experience with continuous integration and source control systems; Experience in build of test framework using Selenium and C#; Upper-intermediate level of English, well-developed communication skills.Experience with Azure cloud services; Experience with API testing in microservices architecture; Experience with Load Testing; Experience with SQL RDBMS and noSQL DBs; Experience with SpecFlow.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan); Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place); Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients; Flexible work schedule; 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both; Annual vitaminization program for employees; Relocation assistance; English and German courses; Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract; Corporate leisure activities.Maintain and review existing test cases and test approaches, suggest improvements; Test environment setup and configuration; Create, maintain and enhance test documentation; Develop and apply testing processes across the teams, ensure teams are following defined test strategy; Create and maintain testing framework which can be used by developers for writing test; Track quality assurance metrics; Test results analysis, documenting and defects reporting; Mentor team mates and foster quality culture among them.
Solid understanding of quality assurance and testing processes within an Agile environment 2+ years Software QA testing experience 1+ years of experience in automation of testing process with C# or other similar language Hands on experience with web-based products Experience in testing RESTful API web services Basic Knowledge of C#, basic JavaScript/TypeScript (optional), understanding of XML, JSON, HTML, CSS and MS SQL Experience working with Jenkins (CI) Experience with git or other VCS Good English reading and writing skillsAt Caspio you will work with an established company on a proven product. You will not be forced to jump from one client to another. And you will have financial and job stability.Challenging tasks and excellent professional growth opportunities Stable job in product company with regular activities Complete health insurance that includes dental care, massages, beauty services Modern and cozy office in the city center Team lunches, casual gatherings and corporate eventsBuild new and update existing automated scripts using Selenium/C#/TypeScript/JavaScript to regression test new and existing features of the product Execution and validation RESTful API web services auto tests Review existing test scripts and improve overall quality of the automation process Design and develop test cases using both white box coding methodologies and black box Automated testing tools Maintain test automation framework and increase automated testing coverage Execute test scripts and find, isolate, document, regress and track bugs Interpret and report testing results, and be an active vocal proponent for quality in every phase of the development process Work with software development engineers to understand the overall technical architecture and how each feature is implemented
Опыт процессов проведения тестирования и QA больше 1 года Опыт тестирования сложных веб-сайтов и веб-приложений Опыт работы с mySQL Обязательные навыки работы с: Slack, Jenkins, Bitbucket,Jira,Git,Chromedevtools,Gsuit; Большим плюсом будет опыт работы с Selenium (знание Java), JMeter,Newrelic, PHPOOP, Laraveldusk, основные команды *nix Знание принципов работы Scrum, Agile Сильные аналитические навыкиРаботу в корпорации как в одной из крупнейших поставщиков для сферы HoReCa и работает с лучшими рестораторами и отельерами страны. На рынке B2B корпорация сотрудничает исключительно с мировыми брендами, такими как Liebherr, V-Zug, Blanco, Best, Falmec, Bora и другие; Работу с дружной и активной командой; Работу в доброжелательной демократичной среде; Профессиональный рост и развитие; Интересные и динамичные задачи в рамках проектов; Скидки для сотрудника, на продукцию компании до 30%; Официальное трудоустройство; Оплачиваемый отпуск; Дополнительные выходные в праздничные дни;Оценка выполнения своих задач в рамках будущего спринта на этапе планирования, уточнение требований у ProductOwner& PM, консультация с командой Проведение проверки выполненных работ Проведение ежедневной проверки критичного для бизнеса функционала с помощью автоматизированных и мануальных тестов Функциональное тестирование Тестирование удобства пользования компонентов системы Тестирование верстки Тестирование безопасности и производительности Формирование и поддержка тестовой документации (cases, checklists и т.д.) Проводить поставку код из bitbucket на тестовый сервер
1+ years of experience as QA Engineer; good understanding of client-server architecture; experience with Mobile (IOS/Android) projects; experience with Web projects; strong understanding of development methodologies (especially — Agile/Scrum); strong knowledge of software testing procedures and methodology knowledge of making test documentation (test plans, test cases etc.); knowledge of test types and methods of organizing them during the testing of different types of applications; experience with project management tools (Jira is desirable) experience in working with HTML/CSS is a plus; experience in working with http/https protocols is a plus; experience in working with GIT, Jenkins. experience in working with Jmeter, Tsung. experience with database systems and basic SQL knowledge experience with load and performance testing exploratory testing skills and knowledge to apply the right level of testing for a specific features; experience with Java Programming Language (nice to have). understanding of CI/CD processes and delivery pipelines. experience with Linux/Unix environment;Personal skills: strong communication and problem solving skills; strong analytical skills; be a team player; be self-motivated and result-oriented person; be responsible, attentive and initiative person must be able to multitask and work independently or in a team;Very warm and friendly working environment Continuous professional competencies development and professional growth opportunities Ukrainian labor legislation guarantees 40-hours working week with flexible working hours Annual paid vacations (20 working days) Corporate/ team/ special events Challenging work in international professional environment Starting from your first working day you will get free meals (lunch,tea,coffee,fruit)analyze requirements, communicate with PO regarding requirements; estimate tasks, take an active participation in sprint planning; design test cases/checklists; create user guides documentation; perform functional, regression, smoke testing for back-end / front-end systems configure environments for testing and development purposes analyze and review of requirements communicate and coordinate activities with other team members using modern development techniques and working to produce the top quality software\
• Практический опыт тестирования игровых мобильных приложений • Знания теории, методологии тестирования • Умение работать с дебагерами • Уверенный пользователь мобильных девайсов (iOS/Android)• Опыт работы с Jira• Высокопрофессиональную команду разработчиков, вместе с которыми можно расти и развиваться: все важные технические решения принимаются сообща, и ваше мнение всегда будет услышано • Достойное вознаграждение, чтобы Вы могли сосредоточиться сугубо на развитии проекта и профессиональном росте, медицинскую страховку, оплачиваемые обеды, снэки и много других приятных мелочей • Карьерные перспективы — у Вас будет возможность расти вместе с компанией не только вертикально, но и горизонтально • Оплачиваемое обучение: внешние тренинги и курсы, литература, доклады и семинары — мы нацелены на то, чтобы в компании Вы всегда развивались, не останавливаясь на достигнутом• Тестирование игрового мобильного приложения • Написание тест кейсов • Написание тестовой документации
* Proven 3+ years experience in testing of web & mobile applications; * Deep knowledge of testing methodologies, types and approaches; * Strong analytical skills; * Being familiar with business communication rules with customer representatives; * Experience with bug tracking systems (Jira or similar); * English — intermediate or better.* Knowledge of test automation (C#, Selenium); * SQL; * ISTQB.* Competitive salary; * Professional growth; * Work in a dynamic young team; * Comfortable office near Pecherskaya metro station; * Work in friendly and supportive environment * Paid leave (4 weeks — 20 working days).* Perform manual testing of web & mobile applications; * Plan each project development stage based on project SDLC model; * Issues reporting and tracking; * Create and perform test cases, checklists; * Support and creation of technical documentation.
B.Sc. in computer science, SW Engineering or equivalent; 3+ years of experience in testing or customer support of complex embedded systems; High customer service awareness; Linux Knowledge; Upper-intermediate English (writing and speaking).Knowledge of networking protocols, specifically IEEE802.1Q/ad bridging and/or IPv4/6 unicast / multicast Routing; Knowledge in RF Testing equipment, traffic generators, network sniffer; Hands-on experience with virtualization technologies (Kubernetes, Docker); Willing for travel.Interesting and challenging opportunity in a large and dynamically developing company Exciting projects involving newest technologies Professional development opportunities Excellent compensation and benefits package, performance bonus program Modern and comfortable office facilitiesSupport of End-to-End integrations, which involve HW and SW components; Create environment for solution demonstration, requested by internal and external customers (QA, user testing, Demo etc.); Take a part in extended test scenarios with focus on load/scale/performance and stress aspects; Assist in Release Installation on customer sites and take part in customer issues investigation; Work in agile mode and cooperate with multiple scrum teams.
• +2 years hand-on experience in software testing; • fast learning skills; • Experience in creating/maintaining testing documentation (TestLink) • understanding of software testing concepts, methodologies; • basic knowledge of HTML/CSS, SQL; • B.S./M.S. at computer or relevant IT sciences; • ability to work as a team player; • level of English — intermediate;• experience in working with UNIX based OS; • experience in Automated Testing (web and desktop); • experience in testing of mobile applications • experience in API testing• Competitive salary • Great team spirit & ability to grow professionally • Flexible schedule • Paid lunches & English courses • Paid external trainings • Comfortable office and its location • Great team and challenging projects • Opportunity for training and professional growth within the company;
We are looking for a Senior Manual QA Engineer with hands on experience, who wants the opportunity to polish old and develop new skills. Ideal match would be someone who can quickly adapt to new team/process and take an active part in development, who is eager to make a contribution and ready to share responsibility.Requirements: — Strong knowledge of testing theory and software development models; — Strong knowledge of test approaches and methodologies; — Strong knowledge of testing processes and defect tracking; — Experience in test design; — Experience in web-applications testing; — Experience in SPA testing; — Experience in vulnerability testing of web-application; — Strong knowledge and practical experience with HTML/XML/XPATH; — Strong knowledge and practical experience with SQL scripting and database structure; — Strong knowledge and practical experience with web-services; — Practical experience with *nix-like OS (OS X / Linux) — Practical experience with CI (Jenkins / TeamCity) — Practical experience with VCS (git / SVN / Mercurial) — Practical experience with bug tracking system (JIRA / Bugzilla); — Good written and spoken English; — Strong communication skills;Nice to have: — Experience with JavaScript — Experience with Selenium Webdriver — Experience with BDD and test automation patterns
• Experience in Software Testing from 3 years on automation tester position • Knowledge of Selenium automation tool (web-testing); • Knowledge of main automation design patterns (page object); • Knowledge of Java core; • Linux and network environments (daily work activities); • Knowledge of VCS tools; • SQL; • Knowledge of continuous integration tools ; • Familiar with TDD approach; • At least Intermediate English written, reading and speaking skills• Analysis of requirements; • Development of positive / negative / boundary scenarios; • Description of automation test cases; • Development and improvements of the framework for the automation of the product; • Setting up a test environment; • Preparation of test data; • Analysis of test coverage; • Writing automated tests, test scripts; • Implementation of automated tests; • Maintenance is already written tests; • Writing documentation; • Analysis of the test suite runs; • Bug reporting, the overall test reports.
• 4+ years professional experience in QA area • Ability to develop processes for the scratch • Expirence in Product SW development • At least 4 years of real working experience with Web-based • Good knowledge in complex SQL queries (Oracle or MSSQL) • Good experience in working with REST APIs, SoapUI, XML • Excellent knowledge of bug life cycle • Excellent Jira skills • Strong understanding of Agile/Scrum • Upper — intermediate English communication skills • Understanding of test design techniques • Service and teamwork orientation • BS + in Computer science or relevantPersonal skills: • Good analytical skills • Good team player, motivated to solve complex tasks • Strong communication and problem solving skills • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented • Strong attention to details and accuracy• Understanding of programming languages(JavaScript, Java or Python) • Experience with web automation tools (e.g. Selenium Webdriver) • Experience of using version control systems (e.g. GIT) • Desirable: Azure, SaaS• Very close cooperation with client • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Dynamic and challenging tasks. • Ability to influence project technologies. • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills. • Low bureaucracy, European management style. • Continuous self-improvement. • Trainings • ISTQB Certification preparation • QA knowledge sharing meetings• Requirements analysis and processing • Test cases/checklists and other types of test doсumentation creation • Estimate the required testing time • Perform testing activities on several projects, communicate with developers and project managers. • Functional and regression tests on web projects • Perform testing activities on one big or several small projects, communicate with developers and project managers • Test Summary reports preparation
• Experience in commercial Quality Assurance (3+); • Experience with manual mobile application testing (2+); • Experience in writing automation tests for mobile applications using Appium and Java; • Experience with Agile; • Upper-Intermediate English.• Experience with Selenium; • ISTQB certification.• Collaborate directly with developers to ensure proper code quality; • Create test strategy; • Create and execute manual test cases; • Execute defect reporting and tracking to ensure timely escalation and resolution of cases; • Perform test case creation and modification; • Generate test exit reports; • Participate in the Agile development process.
• Previous work experience as a QA Engineer (at least 1 year) • Solid understanding of QA procedures and methodology • Experience in Web, Mobile applications testing • Experience in testing client-server applications • Understanding of JSON and XML data formats • At least intermediate English language proficiency (both spoken and written) • An ability to learn quickly and adapt as technology changes • Precise attention to detail• Experience with test automation tools • SQL and Linux knowledge• Possibility to cooperate with a product company • Professional growth • Educational possibilities • Competitive compensation • Fully-equipped perfect office space located in the city center (“Palats Sportu” metro station) • Warm and friendly attitude to every specialist• Writing test ideas and test cases and executing tests based on these • Perform regression testing • Take part in daily stand-up meetings • Verify and report defects found by manual testing or by automated tests
• At least 2 years of experience in Python and Bash • Strong understating of OOAD. • Strong analytical, debugging and problem solving skills. • Knowledge in Linux as working environment • Experience with CI methodology & tools (Gerrit, Jenkins etc.) • B.Sc. in computer science or SW/Computer/Communication Engineering.• Hands-on experience with Ethernet Switches: Cisco/Arista/Juniper L2 & L3 Switches & Routers. • Exposure to communication networking protocols. • C/C++• Professional development • Possibility to be a part of innovative projects • Regular performance reviews • Competent and effective project management • Transparency in communication between the Company and employee • Flexible work schedule • True team spirit and regular team building activities • Paid vacation (18 business days) and paid sick leave • Generous bonuses for marriage and childbirth • Corporate English courses at the office + native speaker + movie nights • Healthcare package (sports activities refund, doctor, massage) • Accounting as a service • Business trips • Travel lotteryThe person will have to work closely with development and architecture teams responsible for Ethernet products and gain deep understanding of Ethernet products and technologies.
• 2+ years of experience as an Automation Tester • Good understanding of and experience in Java programming language • Good understanding of testing methodologies • Experience in REST/SOAP testing • Analysis of results and identification of bottlenecks • Experience in working with GIT • Experience in working with Maven • Ability to write SQL queries • Ability to setup automation framework • At least Intermediate English• Experience in working with Linux • Ability to setup and maintain jobs using CI, i.e. Jenkins• Analysis of product requirements • System testing, running automation test scripts, test case development • Developing test cases • Proposing product improvements, participation in analysis and requirements gathering • Providing full-cycle testing (functional, system, end-to-end) and other software product verification and validation activities • Working closely with product engineers and customer service team to understand the product requirements and use cases • Generating test reports, indicating testing results and conclusions about the stability of a product.
∙ MS/BS degree in Computer Sciences, IT or equivalent ∙ Strong knowledge of QA procedures and methodology ∙ Knowledge of Agile SCRUM process and how it pertains to QA life cycle ∙ Understanding of software development lifecycle ∙ Basic knowledge of SQL ∙ Strong communication skills ∙ English — Intermediate (both written and verbal)∙Experience in Mobile applications and web testing ∙Creating testing documentation: test cases, test plan, testing reports, release notes ∙Cooperation with team of analysts and developers ∙Defect tracking
— 1+ year of experience with Selenium WebDriver and Node.js; — knowledge in QA methodologies.— Opportunity to growth; — Comfortable office (Lukyanovska); — Paid sick leave and vacation.— write E2E automated tests for new and existing features of two web applications.
On behalf of DFS, Ciklum is looking for Senior Software Developer in Test to join Lviv team on full-time basis.We are looking for highly motivated people with proven problem solving skills that can easily jump in and learn the domain while contributing to the larger development needs. The team in Odessa is fast-growing and well-knit. We use Scrum methodology and cutting-edge technologies such as Azure in daily work and have regularly communications with American colleagues.Responsibilities • Work with a cross-functional team and a lead-based in our corporate headquarters to analyze and vet requirements for the components of the Product line, and develop appropriate test plans and test cases; • Take part in development of appropriate test strategies; • Write automated integration, acceptance, unit and performance tests as required; • Maintain automated test suites; • Build test tools; • Review test failures and determine the causes of problems; • Capture appropriate artifacts and log defects; • Manually test application components while constructing an automated test suite; • Develop and maintain supporting tools.Requirements • Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or a related discipline; • Knowledge of and experience in testing strategies of Web API products (SOA / microservices based); • Knowledge of and experience in test data management strategies; • Good knowledge and experience in C# / .NET, OOP, SOLID principles; • Good knowledge of test frameworks for desktop UI testing; • Good Knowledge of and experience in XML and JSON; • Understanding and application of continuous integration; • Knowledge of test patterns.Desirable • Knowledge of security testing and common security risks; • Knowledge of load and performance testing.Personal skills • Excellent verbal and written communications skills, able to communicate clearly and effectively; • Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; • Work well autonomously, without close supervision, readiness to take responsibility; • Being committed to timely delivery of quality results.What’s in it for you • Unique opportunity to be a part of true Scrum team; • Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities; • Competitive salary; • Monthly budgets for fruits; • English classes for the team; • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions.About Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to cv@ciklum.com
— опыт в сфере автоматизированного тестирования; — опыт написания автотестов с использованием связки Selenium WebDriver + Java; — хорошее знание Java Core, основ SQL и ООП; — хорошее знание тестовых методологий; — навыки ведения тестовой документации (тест-планы, тест-кейсы и пр.).— знание Cucumber или любого другого BDD-фреймворка (Robot/JBehave/Concordion/Fitnesse/etc); — знание TestNG/JUnit; — знание Unix на уровне пользователя; — знание средств сборки Gradle или Maven; — опыт работы с Git и JIRA.— долгосрочную работу; — полную занятость; — комфортные условия труда в нашем офисе; — стабильный и интересный проект; — сильная команда (численность субкоманды — 15 человек); — методология разработки — AgileUP.— добавление новых test stories в существующий BDD-фреймворк для ниже перечисленных веб-приложений; — создание отчетов по багам и верификация баг-фиксов; — взаимодействие с разработчиками; — взаимодействие с аналитиками, уточнение требований и фиксация выясненного в виде функциональных требований, поскольку требования являются частью BDD-фреймворка наравне с тест-кейсами; — планирование тестирования, оценка задач по тестированию, составление чек-листов и тест-планов; — участие в авто-тестировании релизов.
— 0.5+ years professional experience in QA area — Theoretical and practical knowledge of software testing — Understanding of software development process — Good knowledge of bug life cycle — Experience in web testing — Experience in writing test documentation (Check List, Test Cases, Bug reports, etc.) — Experience in working with Bug Tracking Systems — Good written and verbal English— Interesting and challenging work in our fun & talented team — Competitive salary — Comfortable office in the city center — Long-term employment— Manual testing of web applications — Creation and support of testing documentation: test-cases, check-lists etc. — Identify, report and track product defects
5+ years of overall professional experience Software Engineering; 4+ years of experience in Automation Testing of Software; Good experience and knowledge of Java; Experience with continuous integration and source control systems; Familiarity with testing methodologies and techniques; Understanding of Agile methodologies and engineering practices; Hands on experience of the product with the micro-service based architecture; Previous experience of leading QA teams; Upper-intermediate level of English, well-developed communication skills.Experience with Amazon cloud services; Knowledge of Python.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan); Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place); Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients; Flexible work schedule; 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both; Annual vitaminization program for employees; Relocation assistance; English and German courses; Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract; Corporate leisure activities.Develop and execute automation scripts; Develop and apply testing processes across the platform, ensure platform teams follow defined test strategy; Track platform quality assurance metrics; Ensure platform delivery quality.
• Experience in Software Development at least 3 years • Experience working with high volume enterprise level services • Experience with at least one modern programming language (Java, Ruby etc) • Experience working at least one highly available data stores (SQL, Hadoop, MySQL, Mongo) • Experience with Continuous Integration and rapid deployment (experience with Teamcity a plus) • Ability to work independently • Familiarity with at least one Automated testing frameworks (Selenium + Cucumber preferred) • Familiarity and comfort with building and releasing in an agile environment • English (upper intermediate)• SaaS big data project which gathered a group of Middle+ and Senior devs • Work in a company where quality comes first • Good salary and social package • Cool working conditions (comfortable working place, Mac equipment, table tennis, etc)• Understand customer needs and scenarios deeply • Be the relentless advocate of quality • Participate in design reviews • Build test plans with prioritized test cases that are driven by deep understanding of how the solution is built • Develop really high quality automated tests for the front-end and back-end as necessary • Ensure ongoing Quality of the service available to the customers
We help mass adoption of esports and unlocking a market for hundreds of millions of gamers and thousands of advertisers and sponsors, and you too can have an impact on this ride Passionate, diverse, and supportive team members Open, transparent, and bureaucracy-free company culture Competitive compensation packageDreamTeam is looking for a QA engineer to join our Web Platform delivery unit. This position will be responsible for QA activities both for core product and client specific projects — manual testing and test cases preparation, cooperation with colleagues within other DreamTeam units. The team is working according to Agile using scrum methodology. This is a great opportunity for a professional who is looking for challenge.BS is Computer Science or equivalent work experience, MS in Computer Science preferred 3+ experience in manual testing (web-testing, mobile, payments); 1+ experience in agile using Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban); Strong theoretical knowledge base in software testing; Experience with web API testing; Issue tracking and documents tools: Confluence, JIRA, TestRail; Strong troubleshooting skills; Excellent written and oral communication skills; Good command of English.
On behalf of Citrix (www.citrix.com) Ciklum is looking for Junior Manual QA Engineer to join team in Kiev on full-time basis.Work with distributed client server system on newest hardware. You will work multimedia processing and streaming in complicated environment with high performance requirements. Suggestions for improvements are welcome from every person. Target audience of our product is tens of thousands of end-users in large corporations. We provide ability to communicate with new level of user experience for all these people.Citrix (NASDAQ:CTXS) is a leader in mobile workspaces, providing virtualization, mobility management, networking and cloud services to enable new ways to work better. Citrix solutions power business mobility through secure, personal workspaces that provide people with instant access to apps, desktops, data and communications on any device, over any network and cloud. This year Citrix is celebrating 25 years of innovation, making IT simpler and people more productive. With annual revenue in 2013 of $2.9 billion, Citrix solutions are in use at more than 330,000 organizations and by over 100 million users globally.Responsibilities: • Requirements analysis and processing • Test cases/checklists and other types of test doсumentation creation • Test Cases execution • Environment configuration • Perform testing activities on several platforms and OS • Perform testing activities on one big or several small projects, communicate with developers and project managersRequirements: • 0.5+ years professional experience in QA area • Good knowledge of software testing procedures and methodologies • Experience with different operating systems like Windows, Linux, MAC (User level) • Understanding of virtual machines and remote desktops • Ability to work with different tools and collect critical information from distributed system • Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills • Good knowledge of bug life cycle • Good knowledge of spoken and written EnglishDesirable: • Experience in testing of VoIP applications • Knowledge of video and audio codecs • Basic networking knowledgePersonal skills: • Ability to focus on details • Self-motivated, self-disciplined, goal-driven • willing to work hard to get the best results in time! • Analytical and problem-solving skills • Good ability to learn fast • Service and teamwork orientationWhat’s in it for you? • An opportunity to proactively contribute to the product architecture, technical solutions, customer understanding, knowledge base etc • Exposure to cutting-edge technologies • Open atmosphere • Competitive salary • Professional growth • Long-term employment with 20 working-days paid vacation and other social benefits • State of the art, cool offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditionsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain.As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed.Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and „Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
• умение составлять багрепорт — выделять суть, быть внимательным к деталям; • понимание архитектуры веб-приложения, базовые знания технологий HTTP, HTML, CSS, SQL, JavaScript; • внимательность, ответственность, самодисциплина; • умение работать в команде.• опыт работы на аналогичной должности; • навыки автоматизации тестирования.• интересные проекты; • офис в центре города; • дружный коллектив; • стабильная, конкурентная зп; • возможность профессионального и карьерного роста; • комфортные условия труда.
• Experience in Web UI and API automation using C# • Experience with Selenium Webdriver • Knowledge of BDD approaches (SpecFlow) • Continuous Integration (TeamCity) • SCRUM methodology• Competitive salary • Paid sickness leaves • Corporate doctor’s service • Career map and Career Advisor’s support during all period of work • Free professional certification • Free gymYou will be a member of the self-organized engineering Scrum team working according to the agile principles. Your colleagues are talented engineers who like to code, create smart and simple solutions, explore new technologies and innovate. As an engineer in the team, you can influence the product on all levels starting from usability, high-level technical architecture to implementation details. The main goal is to implement automation from scratch.
4+ years of commercial experience and test automation in particular; Experience in testing complex software applications; Experience in Test Design, Test Case creation and maintenance; Experience with SOAPUI for API testing and automation is nice to have; Good knowledge of Test Automation concepts and approaches; Experience in automation tesing using programming languages like C#, Java, and/or C++; Able to work in a fast paced environment and support unscheduled events; Self-starter and highly motivated; Strong desire to continue development of test automation skills; Intermediate English level.WPF, WCF, SQL ServerInteresting and challenging opportunity in a large and dynamically developing company Exciting projects involving newest technologies Professional development opportunities Excellent compensation and benefits package, performance bonus program Modern and comfortable office facilitiesCreation and maintainance of automated tests for WPF application; Define, implement, and manage Quality Assurance standards and frameworks; Design and creation of sophisficated scenarios for complex solutions testing; Perform system, functional, data, integration, user acceptance, performance and regression testing; Work in a dynamic Agile/Scrum based environment; Play a hands-on role as part of an engineering team; Demonstrate passion about building high quality software, love solving problems and facing new challenges; Be a proactive communicator who enjoys working closely with creative and technical peers.
4+ years of overall professional experience Software Engineering; 3+ years of experience in Automation Testing of Software; Programming skills: Java and scripting language (Python, Ruby); Deep knowledge of software testing related best practices; Experience with continuous integration and source control systems; Familiarity with testing methodologies and techniques; Well-organized, details-oriented and a strong team player; Upper-intermediate level of English; Experience in location based services is a plus; Experience in embedded software (specially automotive related) system would be great advantage.Individual approach to professional and career growth (Personal Development Plan); Comfortable work conditions (including two monitors on each work place); Smart environment — interesting projects from renowned clients; Flexible work schedule; 3 social packages to choose among — medical insurance, sports attendance payment or mix of both; Annual vitaminization program for employees; Relocation assistance; English and German courses; Competitive salary according to the qualifications; Guaranteed full workload during the term of the contract; Corporate leisure activities.Responsibilities include: Take over of existing test automation suites from multiple R&D teams; End-to-end verification and maintenance of the whole In-car navigation product, from the dashboard UI to back-end online services; Backward and compatibility testing for new SW and data releases; Maintenance and execution of automated tests; Root causes analysis of failed test and report issues/take corrective actions; Create test reports and report quality metrics, defect troubleshooting and follow up; Maintain test related documentation.
-At least 1,6 years of practical experience in the testing of large-scale web projects; -Strong knowledge of software testing methods and approaches; -Experience in writing Automation Tests on Java + Selenium Web Driver; -Experience in testing web services (SOAP/REST); -Experience with mobile testing; -Good understanding of Java, OOP paradigm; -Knowledge and experience with mySQL; -CI: Jenkins configuration skills ; -Work process improvement orientation; -Attention to details; -Analytical thinking.-Competitive compensation -Great young team -Professional and career growth -Interesting and challenging projects; -English Speaking club -Comfortable, cozy office in Kiev-Web application testing -Web services(SOAP/REST) Testing -Automation Test & Manual Testing — 50% / 50% -Documentation -Test planning and test cases design -Test coverage analysis -Perform all types of testing of web application -Perform Web-services testing (SOAP/REST) -Bug Reporting
3+ years of experience in QA, Automation Experience with Groovy or Java Network, TCP/IP, HTTP, REST Basic knowledge of object-oriented programming Experience with REST applications automated testing Good knowledge of Unix based systems (CentOS, MacOs is a plus) Experience with Continuous Integration/Delivery tools (Jenkins/Hudson) Good communication skills — work with global distributed teamGroovy, REST, IFS ApplicationsInteresting and challenging opportunity in a large and dynamically developing company Exciting projects involving newest technologies Professional development opportunities Excellent compensation and benefits package, performance bonus program Modern and comfortable office facilitiesRequirements analysis and proactive communications with development and team Maintaining and contributing to Test Framework Maintaining and contributing to CI QA framework Active participation in design, implementation and execution of functional, integration and performance test cases, test results analysis, tracking test coverage and performance trends
— 2+ years of manual testing experience (functional and non-functional); — Solid experience of web and mobile applications testing; — Deep understanding of testing processes, methodologies and test design techniques; — Basic knowledge of http methods; — Understanding of software development process; — Good communication skills; — English — intermediate level or higher (written and spoken).— Deep understanding of mobile applications development lifecycle; — Basic knowledge of OOP; — Basic knowledge of Java or/and JS; — Automation testing experience (selenium, appium); — API testing.— Personal career plan; — Competitive salary; — Paid vacation and sick leave; — Office in the city center.As a Quality Assurance Engineer you will have to work on a number of top-notch applications with an audience of 100+ K daily users. You will have to closely cooperate with project management and development teams. Results of your work will lead to better user experience and bug-free sessions for hundreds of thousands of users daily.Projects: mobile commerce and productivity
Looking for smart, technical person for Manual QA position. You should have following skills:— Technical background — Experience in test design and managing test documentation (test cases, test suites, test sets); — Theoretical or practical experience in Manual testing — English at least pre-intermediateIt is not mandatory but it is nice if you have any automation experience as well(it could be selenium or others)— Experienced colleagues who are ready to share knowledge; — The ability to switch between projects, and different technologies; — Study and practice of English: courses and communication with colleagues; — Free lunches — Social package and many many other nice things
Не менее 1 года соответствующего профессионального опыта Знание технологий хранения (SAN, NAS, RAID, iSCSI, репликация, SMB, NFS) Опыт работы с кластерами (Hyper-V / VMware vSphere) Опыт администрирования Windows 2012 R2 / 2016 и VMware vSphere Всестороннее знание технологий TCP / IP, DHCP, DNS, iSCSI, LAN / WAN и опыта работы с ними Опыт работы с SAN / NAS является обязательным Широкие знания о технологиях резервного копирования и DR (VEEAM B & R, MS DPM) Опыт работы с Jira Знание SDLC Возможность быстро освоить новые технологии Чтение технической документации на английском языке является обязательным. Опыт работы со скриптовыми языками, такими как bash, Windows PowerShell — большой плюсинтересную работу современный офис в центре города профессиональный рост социальный пакет (страховка)подготовка и конфигурирование тестового стенда, состоящего из физических и /или виртуальных машин, согласно требованиям к окружению с последующим выполнением тестовых заданий.
Опыт в тестировании мобильных приложений больше года Опыт работы с iOS, Android Успешный опыт анализа требований Знание техник тест-дизайна и их применение на практике Ведение документации: составление тест-кейсов, пользовательских сценариев, чек-листов. Умение грамотно описать баг репорт и вести жизненный цикл бага. Опыт работы с логами обязателен Работа с баг-трекинговыми системами Понимать, как устроены клиент-серверные приложения Понимать, что такое БД и как они устроеныОпыт тестирования систем, в которых был hardware Знание гайдлайнов iOS/Android Написание тест планов Системы контроля версий (git) Опыт в автоматизацииРадость созидания Умных коллег, драйвовый коллектив Возможность влиять на продукт, а не просто закрывать таски Плюшки, адекватное железо, 2 моника и т.д. Обучение, курсы, конференции Системы безопасности и smart home устройства Перспективы, возможность роста (в PM, QA Lead, Automation QA, BA). Мы только за!Тестировать Если серьезно, то помогать улучшать качество наших мобильный и серверных приложений, hardware девайсов Анализ требований Написание чек-листов, тест-кейсов, тест планов UI-UX тестирование (говорить дизайнеру, что нет, пользователю не очевидно, что настройки появятся, если свапнуть) Разбираться, как система устроена внутри Не только находить баги, но и при помощи логов, средств отладки и внешних проявлений выяснять причины багов
Trust Sourcing is looking for a meticulous, proactive, results-oriented Middle QA Engineer to be a part of our Team. We hope you like challenges and are not afraid of new technologies and new solutions! Join us and let’s create great products together!Skills, Experience, and Personality: — 2+ years of experience as a test engineer; — Experience in Web Application Testing; — Organization of functional, API, integration, regression and acceptance testing; — Intermediate SQL knowledge; — Experience in automation testing (page object, SOLID); — Knowledge of Selenium (C#), HTML, CSS selectors, XPath; — Knowledge of Entity Framework and jQuery will be a plus; — Good command of English; — Good teamwork and communication skills.Trust Sourcing offers you: — Good office with warm atmosphere and friendly staff which creates really good working conditions; — Competitive salary with regular revisions; — Possibility to work on interesting projects and own inner products; — Career and professional growth; — Attendance at Ukrainian and international conferences and events; — English speaking club and Tech Talks; — Parking and gym near the office.Join Trust Sourcing and be a part of our family!Interested? *Please send your resume in English with salary expectation indicated!
➤ 2-3 years of experience in software testing of Web ➤ Expertise in developing effective test cases ➤ Experience of Agile (e.g. Scrum) and iterative development processes ➤ Understanding Client-server architecture ➤ XML, CSS ➤ The desire to learn web automation ➤ Knowledge and applying different testing methodologies ➤ Ability to prioritize the tasks, work under time pressure ➤ Good spoken/writing/listening English (minimum level — intermediate)➤ Automation experience in web projects with any language ➤ Experience in software testing of iOS + iPad/iPhone ➤ Experience in using debugging proxy applications such as Fiddler or Charles➤ Interesting and challenging work in a dynamical product company; ➤ Possibility to come up with ideas, be heard and see them implemented; ➤ Competitive salary, regular salary review, financial stability; ➤ Opportunities for self-realization, professional and career growth; ➤ Corporate events and activities; ➤ Pleasant working atmosphere; ➤ Flexible work schedule; ➤ Free English classes in the office; ➤ Medical insurance, paid sick leaves and vacations ➤ And, of course — Mac equipment :)➤ Requirements/stories/design analysis and review  ➤ Develop functional, integration, UI/UX test cases  ➤ Manual test execution  ➤ Bug reporting and bug tracking ➤ Participation in Team planning
• Experience and strong skills in manual testing is a must (2+ years) • Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes • Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test documentation • Hands-on experience in Web-application testing • Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process • Experience in API testing • Good understanding of client-server architecture • Good team-player• Previous experience in testing iOS / Android Apps with writing test scenarios • Experience in work with such tools, as JMeter, Postman, Jira, Jenkins • Experience in API testingCompetitive salary — 1.2k $ Place of work: 3- minute walk from Nivki Working hours: 9-00-18-00 /10-00- 19-00, Monday-Friday• Functional testing of web application UI, visualizations, and other visual elements • Testing new and existing functionality developed • Identify, log, and communicate software defects through JIRA, Confluence • Develop, collaborate on, and execute Agile test cases, scenarios, and manual regression testing tasks • Proactively assist developers to find and solve development and production software issues through effective collaboration • Be an active member of QA community of practice and collaborate with other quality engineers and QA director to improve testing, tools, practices and processes
• At least 2 years of experience in testing • Understanding of different types of testing (Unit-testing, functional testing, acceptance testing) and QA processes • Good understanding of JavaScript, PHP, PHPUnit/Codeception • Experience in selenium web driver • Experience in writing test cases and user story • Ability to analyze technical specifications • Practical experience with Requirement management, Defect Tracking system • Good English, good communication, team player • Experience in Test Automation is a big plus• Interesting projects, opportunities for professional growth. • Competitive salary. • Paid leave and sick leave. • Friendly atmosphere. • Flexible work schedule.• Perform functional, regression and performance testing • Design and execute test plans/test cases for manual and automated testing • Requirements clarification and verification • Identify and report defects, drive them to resolution • Run manual tests • Create\maintain diff and project documentation
* Brilliant understanding of the Software Testing and Software Quality Assurance fields of knowledge * Strong understanding of SDLC * Strong understanding of a test design methodology (integration, E2E, acceptance) * Basic knowledge of SQL * Basic knowledge of SOAP and XML * Bachelors or Masters Degree in Information Technology, Computer Engineering, Computer Information Systems or relevant field.* Experience with Linux console * ISTQB certificate * Intermediate level of EnglishBossless organization structure, informal and open culture, we have no guys who parasitize on a food chain of accountability, flexible processes. Please find more about us at agilites.com/careers.html
— Knowledge of software testing and testing methodology. — Experience in SOA (Service-Oriented Architecture) testing. — Experience in using databases (MS SQL and/or Oracle) in projects. — Knowledge of English at a level sufficient to write technical documentation. — Good interpersonal skills, experience of working in a team.— Experience in SE methodologies (e.g. RUP, XP etc.). — Experience in automated testing.— Competitive salary (negotiable, based upon experience) — Benefits package:paid vacation (15 working days), paid sick leave, paid overtime,medical insurance — Flexible working hours — Modern and comfortable office facilities located in walking distance from the Tsentralnyi Rynok Metro station — Free English classes, speaking clubs with native speakers — The world-class experts’ solid and reliable team — Opportunities for self-realization in the development of top-notch enterprise level products — Projects at the forefront of innovation — AI — Professional development and career growth opportunities + paid certification — In our team there is a very friendly atmosphere, we spend time together, host outings and fun events— Product testing and iterations planning. — Taking part in improvement of testing processes in the team. — Training and consulting within the scope of own competence.
Playtika is looking for Automation Tech Lead to warm welcome to the House of Fun project. We need technology expert who want to make a positive influence on business quality by applying best automation practices and taking ownership. The position expects building automation team from scratch based on common Playtika framework/approaches.You will work with the following technologies: Java, Spring, WebDriver, Gauge, Appium, Docker.• At least 3 years’ experience in test automation; • Solid skills in Java and OOP; • In-depth knowledge of test automation approaches and procedures; • Hands-on experience in building and adopting automation frameworks; • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types; • Understanding of Agile/Scrum; • Well-developed soft skills; • English Intermediate+• VCS (Git) • Grafana • Kafka • CI (Teamcity) • BDD tools (Gauge)• Work in the leading global online gaming company with modern technologies; • Challenging tasks and professional development, knowledge and best practice sharing, training and conferences paid by company; • Free corporate English lessons and discussion club with native speaker; • Sports compensation; • Medical insurance; • Talented and friendly team; • Comfortable office 5 min walk from Vokzalna metro with fruits and snacks unlimited:) • Exciting corporate events• Building robust multi-platform automated solutions; • Coordinating test strategy with project managers and others; • Managing automation team; • Collaborating with global automation unit and QA center; • Be hands on lead contributor to cross-project automation framework • Development of test automation framework architecture; • Integrating automation solutions into project workflow; • Building/supporting test infrastructure; • Maintaining existing automated tests; • Continuous learning of new tools, approaches and frameworks
• At least 1,5 years’ experience in test automation • Good coding skills (Java) • Well-developed soft skills • English Intermediate+• VCS (Git) • Grafana • Kafka • CI (Teamcity) • BDD tools (Gauge)• Work in the leading global online gaming company with modern technologies; • Challenging tasks and professional development, knowledge and best practice sharing, training and conferences paid by company; • Free corporate English lessons and discussion club with native speaker; • Sports compensation; • Medical insurance; • Talented and friendly team; • Comfortable office 5 min walk from Vokzalna metro with fruits and snacks unlimited:) • Exciting corporate events• Building robust multi-platform automated solutions; • Integrating automation solutions into project workflow; • Developing automation tests on all test levels, UI, API, contract etc.; • Building/supporting test infrastructure; • Integrating automation solution to internal systems, TestRail, Jira, Reporting system etc.; • Maintaining existing automated tests; • Continuous learning of new tools, approaches and frameworks
— 3+ years of overall experience as a QA Engineer; — Good knowledge of web-based application structure; — Strong knowledge of test design techniques; — Strong skills in producing reviews and testing requirements; — Databases confident knowledge (SQL); — Proficiency in exploratory testing; — Knowledge of client-server architecture; — Strong technical skills; — Knowledge of HTML, CSS; — Requirements analysis and clarification; — English: Intermediate or higher.— Professional development and career growth; — Convenient office location; — Comfortable working conditions; — Flexible schedule; — 100% Paid sick leave and vacation; — English classes; — Sports; — Bicycle parking; — Free tea/coffee; — Corporate events; — Compensation of professional certification.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field At least 3 years of work experience in software testing Experience in system or integration testing of large complex systems Understanding of the place of testing process in the SDLC Experience in working with requirements, strong analytical skill Understanding of non-functional requirements Experience in web or mobile applications testing using different testing approaches Experience in cross-browser/cross-platform testing Experience working with RDBMS (MySQL preferable) Experience with any kind of defect tracking systems Independent, self-motivated team player with ability to learn and adapt quickly in a dynamic environment Ability to read and write technical documentation in EnglishExperience in agile practices and methodologies (SCRUM) ISTQB testing certification Competent in one or more scripting/programming languages (Java preferable) Experience in source version control systems (GIT preferable) Experience in high load applications testing Experience testing single-page HTML5 applications Experience in SOAP/REST web-services testing Experience working in Unix-like OS(es)Challenging, dynamic and fun working environment Competitive salary Benefit package (Medical insurance for you and your family; Life insurance; Additional vacation days; English courses) The possibility to accelerate your IT career in one of the biggest market leaders worldwidePerform manual and automated testing of modern large-scale web-based Oracle’s Field Service Cloud product Design test coverage, create test plans, test cases, checklists and other testing documentation Develop and maintain integration tests, automate UI or API tests
On behalf of Testing Center of Excellence, Ciklum is looking for a Automation QA Engineer (Python) to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.Testing Center of Excellence is looking for technology experts who want to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership. We are a growing business unit of Ciklum with currently 140 employees, specializing in Software quality assurance. Currently we are dealing with approximately 30 projects simultaneously. Our projects usually last for 6-12 months and our technological focus is mainly on web and mobile technologies. So, you’ll have the opportunity to get frequently in touch with new projects, processes, approaches, technologies, and tools. Through direct knowledge exchange with international clients you are an important contributor in making them successful. Our environment gives you the opportunity to share your professionalism to help team members grow and we support you with training and education in the areas where you want to develop.About Testing Center of Excellence:Testing Center of Excellence is software quality assurance unit in Ciklum which has been evolved very rapidly for the past 4 years to a mature SQA services provider department, concurrently serving up to 30 projects, consisting of 70 SQA professionals, working on 5 main directions: Manual, Automation, Performance, Security and QA Consulting.Our main principles are: People are over processes and hierarchy. Flat and open collaboration/communication increases creativity and brings more value to business. Investing to people and innovations ensures your future. Reuse and share your experience — Develop best practices, publicize and follow them.Testing Centre of Excellence is an optimal environment for your professional involvement and growth.About Testing Center of Excellence: Testing Center of Excellence is unique provider of QA Services and QA Consulting in the following areas: • Manual Web / Mobile QA Services • eCommerce QA Services • Automation QA Services • Performance QA Services • Security QA Services • QA ConsultingTesting Center of Excellence Team has the following certificates: • QA area — 41 certificates — ISTQB Foundation • QA area — 10 certificates — ISTQB Advanced Test Analyst & Test Manager • Scrum Master area — 20 certificates — ICAgile Certified Professional • Security area — 4 certificate — Offensive Security Certified Professional, ExpertTesting Center of Excellence Awards: • Finalist for the 2015 European Software Testing Awards: www.ciklum.com/...​ware-testing-awards-2015 • European IT and Software Excellence Awards www.iteawards.com/content/2016-finalistsAs our new Middle QA Engineer on Python with automation experience you’ll be responsible for:Responsibilities: • Become part a team and work closely with BA, Dev and QA Specialists to own all of the test automation activities • Lead and oversee assigned project’s functional test automation efforts • Analyze new applications to be automated within the test automation architecture / framework. Create new or modify the existing test automation framework as needed. • Deliver the test automation solutions that fit within Agile / Scrum software development methodologies • Maintain and integrate automated test framework into CI/CDQualifications and skills: • Minimum 3 years of experience in functional test automation using either SoapUI (or comparable tools) for service testing and Selenium (or comparable tools) for UI test automation or similar technologies • Experience in object oriented language such as Python • 2 years of QA experience in Agile Software Development • 2 years of experience using test management tool such as TestRail, MS TFS, HP ALM, Silk Test Manager • Experience writing and executing test strategy, test approaches, defect reports and reporting test results • Good Knowledge of SQLWould be a good plus: • Experience with Mobile automation • Experience with REST Api testing • Some experience with cloud-based automation solutions like Saucelabs, Browserstack, etc. • BDD approach and BDD-based tools/frameworksPersonal skills: • Good analytical skills • Good team player, motivated to develop and solve complex tasks • Strong communication and problem solving skills • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented • Strong attention to details and accuracyWhat’s in it for you? • Very close cooperation with client • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Dynamic and challenging tasks. • Ability to influence project technologies. • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills. • Low bureaucracy, European management style. • Continuous self-improvement. • Trainings • ISTQB Certification preparation • QA knowledge sharing meetingsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
Understanding of the software development lifecycle; Experience with issue tracking system Jira, VSTS; SQL knowledge; Excellent communication skills; Experience in QA; At least intermediate level of English;Background in computer sciences.Сontinuous improvement; 20 days vacation; office in downtown IF; participation in conferences and seminars; swimming pool, gym and yoga tickets for free, leadership School and internal tech talks; foreign languages courses.
Right now we are looking for QA Manager with a very ambitious and challenging goal — to transform a product testing strategy from manual to automation in order to reduce time to market for one of the most successful social casino game in the world.So let us talk about the most important things we want you to know about this role. Working from our office in Kiev, you will be reporting directly to the VP of Engineering and you will be primarily responsible for creating and implementing both strategic and operational plans for QA in the studio distributed between 3 locations: Kiev, Tel-Aviv and Buenos Aires. You will be working closely with senior management to establish QA related processes, workflows and best practices, and to ultimately deliver transformative functional quality services.In addition to your experience, we are looking for demonstrated leadership as well. As QA Manager you will be responsible for evolving QA group to a whole new level through training, mentoring, development of the leadership team, and ultimately, of all employees. Excellent cross-functional communications and relationship building with stakeholders, development teams, and business partners is critical to the success of this role.Duties and Responsibilities • Strategic Planning and Implementation • Building a new QA and QC strategy to change the operational method from manual to automation • Develop and deliver on annual goals and objectives for quality assurance that are measurable and time-based • Implement plans to achieve these goals and cascade them across the engineering group. • Develop and implement automation testing methodologies in order to reduce time to market within CI/CD process of the product • Pioneer the next level of QA best practices for design and tech in the game industry. • Continually seek methods to improve the effectiveness, efficiency, and partner satisfaction of QA. • Deliver Effective, Efficient, and Expedited QA services • Significant focus on project test operations including reviews, resources, schedule, risks, roadblocks, etc. • Ensure that all QA testing projects are executed to exceptional quality, and on time. • Ensure that QA teams maintain excellent levels of communications with development teams and business partners.Must have: • Successful case studies in “reversing testing pyramid” • Applied Experience in testing strategy transformation in order to reduce time to market • Deep understanding of CI/CD processes and delivery pipelines • Hands-on experience in building test automation frameworks for Module testing, API, Mobile and Web • A minimum of 10 years’ experience in the industry • A minimum of 5 years’ experience with managing a QA function in the organization of a similar size • Deep domain expertise in testing methodologies, technology, and processes • Able to build and lead a team of test industry experts • Metrics and data-driven mindset with ability to define and manage test KPIs • Excellent verbal and written skills with the power to persuade and drive continuous improvement while maintaining/building strong partner relationships • Expert Agile, and Waterfall SDLC experience • Energetic, positive attitude and relentless self-motivationNice to have: • Passion for social gaming titles; gamer in general • Programming skills knowledgeWe offer: • Work in the leading global online gaming company with modern technologies; • Challenging tasks and professional development, knowledge&best practice sharing, training and conferences paid by company; • Free corporate English lessons and discussion club with native speaker; • Sports compensation; • Medical insurance; • Talented and friendly team; • Comfortable office 5 min walk from Vokzalna metro with fruits and snacks unlimited:) • Exciting corporate events
We help mass adoption of esports and unlocking a market for hundreds of millions of gamers and thousands of advertisers and sponsors, and you too can have an impact on this ride Passionate, diverse, and supportive team members Open, transparent, and bureaucracy-free company culture Competitive compensation packageBuilding test automation framework for QA team to create automated functional test cases. Automating functional test cases using a tool such as Selenium. Doing code reviews for automated functional test code. Integrating automated testing into CI process. Test data and test environment preparations.BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience, MS in Computer Science preferred. 3 years of experience as a test automation engineer 4+ years in QA in total Solid skills in OOP Development experience with Javascript Experience with continuous integration processes and tools (Jenkins, Teamcity, or similar). Experience of working with version control systems (e.g. GIT, SVN and others) Experience with API level testing Experience with HTML parsing Good knowledge in SQL. Understanding of Agile/Scrum. Perfect English skills
2+ years of manual testing / automation testing experience; Good software testing background; Good knowledge of test automation approaches; Experience with Test documentation: test cases, test plans, checklists, estimations and status reports; Knowledge of testing tools, such as: Protractor, Jasmine, Karma, etc.; Knowledge of at least one programming language with mandatory learning of JavaScript in the future; Client side knowledge — HTML, CSS; Fluent knowledge of tools for testing automation; Experience with version control systems (git); Knowledge of continuous integration servers (CI\CD); Familiarity and understanding of Agile methodologies ; Good written and verbal communication skills; Good level of responsibility, flexibility, communication; Good written and verbal English is necessary— Competitive salary depending on experience and skills; — Timely salary payment; — Partial grant of the cost of certification and IT conferences; — The possibility of professional growth and growth of skills; — Friendly and relaxed atmosphere; — Flexible working hours; — Good coffee;)))— Participating in the development and delivery of testing including: functional testing, integration testing and -regression testing as well as automated testing and UAT — Automate manual test cases — Build robust test suites that run stable on any environment — Automation test-case creation and execution; — Extending and maintain of existing testing framework; — Bugs reporting and bug-fix verification; — Preparation of testing result reports; — Work planning and estimation.
At least 1 year of experience in manual software testing Proven experience in testing CMS solutions built using Drupal, WordPress, Magento, and Joomla Hands on experience in compatibility, regression, and performance testingBasic knowledge of SQL Basic knowledge of PHP, HTML/CSS Basic experience with VCSCommunication with the professional team (our managers and developers with Middle level) and participation in team process. A good reward for your results Flexible schedule 50% compensation for external conference and courses Participation in internal trainings and seminars Fruits days in the officePlan and estimate testing activities Create test documentation (test strategy and test plans, test cases, checklist) Work on project requirements alongside with a PM Perform functional, compatibility, regression, and performance testing of the project Control project quality status Control CI and work on quality strategy improvements
On behalf of Testing Center of Excellence, Ciklum is looking for a Middle Manual QA Engineer to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.We are looking for technology experts who want to make a positive influence on new business by applying best QA practices and taking ownership.Client details: Ciklum Testing Center of Excellence (TCoE) is a software quality assurance unit in Ciklum, which has been evolved very rapidly for the past 4 years to a mature SQA services provider, concurrently serving up to 30 projects, consisting of 70+ SQA professionals, delivering 5 main service lines.Our main principles are: People are over processes and hierarchy Flat and open collaboration/communication increases creativity and brings more value to the business Investing in people and innovations ensures your future Reuse and share your experience — Develop best practices, publicize and follow themTesting Center of Excellence is an optimal environment for your professional involvement and growth.Testing Center of Excellence is a unique provider of QA Services and QA Consulting in the following areas: Manual Web / Mobile QA Services eCommerce QA Services Automation QA Services Performance QA Services Security QA Services QA ConsultingTesting Center of Excellence Team has the following certificates: QA area — 46 certificates — ISTQB Foundation QA area — 3 certificates — ISTQB Advanced Test Analyst & Test Manager Scrum Master area — 29 certificates — ICAgile Certified Professional Security area — 2 certificate — Offensive Security Certified ProfessionalQA Awards: Finalist for the European Software Testing Awards (2015, 2016) www.ciklum.com/...​ware-testing-awards-2015, www.ciklum.com/...​ware-testing-awards-2016 European IT and Software Excellence Awards www.iteawards.com/content/2016-finalistsResponsibilities • Requirements analysis and processing • Test cases/checklists and other types of test documentation creation • Estimate the required testing time • Automate different projects using a tool for codeless automation • Partial participation in manual testing of web projects. • Communicate with project QA’s, developers, and project managers • Test Summary reports preparationRequirements • 3+ years professional experience in QA area • Understanding of DOM model and locator selection approach • Experience in working with REST APIs, understanding of XML, JSON • Understanding of HTML/CSS • Strong understanding of Agile/Scrum • Knowledge of test documentation (Test Plan, Strategy, etc.) • Excellent knowledge of bug life cycle • Understanding of test design techniques • Good knowledge in complex SQL queries (Oracle or MSSQL) • Upper — intermediate English communication skillsDesirable • Experience with TFS, VSTS systems • Experience of using version control systems (e.g. GIT, SVN) • BS + in Computer science or relevant • Prior experience with automation (codeless, recorder, or WebDriver)Personal skills • Good analytical skills • Good team player, motivated to solve complex tasks • Strong communication and problem solving skills • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented • Strong attention to details and accuracyWhat’s in it for you? • Very close cooperation with client • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Dynamic and challenging tasks. • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills. • Continuous self-improvement. • Trainings • ISTQB Certification preparation • QA knowledge sharing meetingsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
Do you want to make a difference by combining a passion for technology with excellent teamwork?Forbytes is looking for a talented QA automation engineer to join our growing company. If you are pro-active, passionate about technology and have great testing skills you might be the one we are looking for. Your job will require that you have an eye for detail and great time management skills as it involves a lot of teamwork.Technical competencies:-1.5+ years of professional software QA experience -1+ years of professional software automation/development experience -Testing web-based applications and/or e-commerce solutions -Experience with Selenium WebDriver / Selenium IDE -Experience with continuous integration processes and tools (Jenkins, Teamcity, or similar) -Experience of working with version control systems (GIT, SVN etc) -Familiarity and understanding of SDLC -Understanding of BDD methodology -Practical experience with JIRA, Confluence -Good knowledge and practice in MySQL, GIT, UNIX/LINUX -Understanding of Agile/Scrum/KanbanImportant characteristics:-Interested in constant improvement of your technical skills -Able to speak English and happy to communicate with partners and colleagues -Being a project-oriented team member -Prepared to work hard to reach set goalsWhat we offer:-Interesting and long-term work in a comfortable and friendly atmosphere -Professional challenges with support from mentors -Spacious and brand new two-story office with the necessary facilities for you to deliver results -Recreation room to relax and play games -Nearby parking and easy access to public transport -Nearby lunch restaurants -Excellent and competitive compensation benefits -Paid vacation (20 working days), paid sick leave and public holidays -Free English classes and support towards your developmentSoft skills and characteristics:-Strong analytical, debugging and problem solving skills -Strong communication skills -Curious and ambitious, with an understanding of the importance of a humble approach to your work and your colleagues -Understand the value by delivering excellence and quality -Candid and pro-active within the Forbytes team and our client-partners’ -Disciplined and with a great sense of time management -Strong attention to details and accuracy
Профессиональные знания и навыки: 1. Базовые знания http/https. 2. Базовые знания SoapUI/Postman. 3. Опыт написания и ведения тестовой документации. 4. Знание Unix систем.Личные качества: 1. Умение чётко и грамотно доносить свои мысли до собеседника. 2. Умение абстрагироваться, абстрактно мыслить.1. Знание и понимание принципов ООП. 2. Опыт работы c Redmine. 3. Опыт работы с docker. 4. Опыт с Git / Jenkins.1. Зарплату по итогам собеседования. 2. Удобный график для жаворонков, сов и неопределившихся: с 8 (10) до 17 (19). 3. Официальное трудоустройство и отпуск в размере 24 календарных дней. 4. Оплата overtime. 5. Возможность обучения: опыт и помощь наших сотрудников, помощь в профессиональной адаптации и обучение куратором на протяжении всего испытательного срока. 6. Карьерную лестницу и карту знаний, которые дают прозрачное понимание того, что надо сделать, чтобы перейти на новую ступеньку. 7. Корпоративные мероприятия и развлечения. 8. Помощь при переезде из другого города.1. Разработка, поддержка и прохождение тест-кейсов. 2. Тестирование нового и старого функционала. 3. Проведение регрессионных тестов. 4. Взаимодействие с другими отделами компании.
— 3 years of experience in manual testing; — 3 years of experience in building and maintaining automation tools; — Proficient knowledge and experience with Java is a must; — Working knowledge of TestNG framework; — Experience with GitHub and using a code repository; — Jenkins, Rest Assured, Postman experience; — Working knowledge of selectors to locate objects (xpath mainly); — Upper-Intermediate level of English.— Mobile app testing experience with Selenium and a response web-app using Google Chrome Dev Tools; — Automated web service testing.— Vacation is 20 working days / till 20 working days per year for sick leaves; — Full payment of taxes; — Sports compensation; — English courses; — Flexible work schedule; — Friendly environment.— Implement and maintain existing test automation framework; — Develop and maintain new automated test cases; — Create and execute test automation suites; — Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents; — Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test documentation; — Review test cases and automation cases; — Daily regression testing; — Manual testing for sprint work.
Required Experience:Deep understanding of testing processes and methodologies Knowledge of software testing process, test types and test technics Strong knowledge and experience in Manual Testing (at least 1 year) Experience in writing test documentation Experience/knowledge in defect report creation/verification with bug-tracking systemsBasic SQL knowledge Good spoken and written English (Intermediate is required)Desired experience:Background in computer science, engineering or similar disciplines Web application testing experienceKnowledge of object-oriented design and software design best practices Knowledge of Selenium Web Driver Experience with SQL Server and knowledge of databases and SQL are welcomeGood spoken and written English (Upper-Intermediate and higher)We offer you:Friendly team and enjoyable working environment Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client Competitive compensation depending on experience and skills Opportunity for self-realization Career and professional growth
Background in computer science, engineering or similar quantitative disciplines Deep understanding of testing processes and methodologies, test types and test technics Experience/knowledge in defect report creation/verification with bug-tracking systems Experience in writing test documentation Web application manual testing experience (2+ year) Experience in automation testing (1+ year)Proficient in object-oriented design and software design best practices Basic SQL knowledge Experience with WebDriver based frameworks (Selenium, Appium) and tools (Selenium grid, Selenoid) Good spoken and written English (intermediate and higher)ISTQB certification Good overall software testing experience Experience in interaction with customer’s business analysts and gathering of business requirementsExperience with SQL and NoSQL databases C# programming experience Software configuration automation experienceWe offer you:Friendly team and enjoyable working environment A unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with a client Competitive compensation depending on experience and skills Opportunity for self-realization Career and professional growthManual QA of web applications Test documentation — create, update, review Test cases automation, code review
Знання теорії тестування Вміння складати тестові сценарії Вмiння описувати дефекти Розуміння клієнт — серверної архітектури Розуміння процесу створення програмного забезпечення Досвід в тестуванні WEB та Mobile додатків Досвід роботи з інструментами ведення проекту та тестової документації (Jira, TestLink, Zephyr, Redmine) Знання HTML/CSS Досвід в тестуванні API Досвід роботи з Linux Англійська на рівні читання технічної документаціїДосвід роботи з Git Досвід в автоматизованному тестуванні Базові знання (PHP/JS) Досвід роботи с БДДостойний рівень оплати праці Роботу в дружньому колективі, цікаві проекти Можливість професійного зростання Зручний офіс та комфортне робоче місцеЗабезпечення випуску додатків високого рівня якості Створення тестової документації: test plans, test cases, bug reports Оцінка необхідного часу на тестування
— At least 2 years’ experience in QA; — Experience in web projects; — Experience in mobile testing (Android / iOS); — Good knowledge of HTML, CSS; — Knowledge of methods and types of testing (manual testing, Smoke, functional, GUI, regression, performance testing, etc.); — Knowledge of test design techniques; — Experience with bug-tracking system; — Understanding of bug lifecycle; — Confidence in usage of test documentation; — Confident pre-intermediate (at least) level of English (written/spoken).— Experience working with CMS systems (Wordpress, Magento); — Basic knowledge of PHP, SQL, JS; — Automation testing.— Long-term employment; — Paid sick leave and vacation days; — Modern and spacious office in the downtown; — Opportunity to work in the international team; — Challenging tasks; — Friendly atmosphere, sports activities and corporate events; — Compensation of training, conferences; — English classes. — Tasty coffee, tea, milk and Friday sweets for free.
3 + years experience in web/desktop testing. 1+ year experience in automation testing using C#; Strong knowledge of: — TCP/IP networking, network topologies; — Windows and Linux administration or extended user knowledge; — SQL technologies, Practical experience with test management, defect tracking system (Jira). Experience in using different types of testing. Creating test cases, bug reports. At least Intermediate spoken English. High attention to detail, fast learning.Knowledge of Ranorex GUI Automation, CI, Virtualization, Media streaming technologies, Kafka, Web technologies, Cloud storage and cloud services.Interesting and challenging work in a dynamically developing company. Exciting projects involving newest technologies. All taxes compensation+ 0.5% for banking expenses. 24 days of vacation. 5 days of 100% paid sick leaves per year. Loyalty programme Compensation of professional certifications. Possible business trips to Europe.Realization of software tests in an agile team Creation of test cases based on acceptance criteria and uses case analysis, Execution of test cases in test driven development, Execution of acceptance- regression- and release tests, Creation and execution of performance tests, Design, execution and monitoring of long-term test scenarios Handling test case management Establishing test automation for a system and UI tests, Сreation of a new test environment based on our technologies
▸ You have at least 2 years of experience in manual testing of mobile & web services; ▸ Strong QA theory knowledge ▸ Knowledge of test types and ways of best organizing them in the process of testing various applications (Android, IOS, web) ▸ You are able to spot, report and thoroughly describe bugs and other issues ▸ Experience of working with Jira, xCode, Android SDK ▸ Version control systems (Git) working experience ▸ Knowledge of tools for comprehensive web/mobile testing ▸ Experience of working in scrum/kanban teams environment ▸ Experience with databases (MySQL) (you have no fear about writing queries) ▸ Strong product intuition, able to have informed opinions about the product and not afraid to voice them ▸ Upper intermediate English skills▸ Deep understanding of the principles of client-server applications; (you can explain 502 code without the help of Google) ▸ Desire to actively participate in the process of product improvement ▸ A good eye on mobile apps UI/UX design standards ▸ You always spot bugs using apps on your phone ▸ High level digging into any auto-testing tool for MOBILE apps (Appium, or Robotium, or Selendroid, or Calabash...) ▸ Advanced English skills ▸ Entrepreneurial mindset▸ Stationary work from our cool office in the city center (we like hanging out together so we work on site) or remote ▸ Working with experts and learning from the best, upgrading your technical skills: we have a CTO in Silicon Valley, who is a consultant to TOP tech companies (FB, Snap, etc) ▸ Free attendance at all on-site events ▸ Work in a dynamic Agile (Scrum, Kanban) based environment ▸ Participating in tech conferences and workshops ▸ Taking your opinion into account before any decisions influencing our team members ▸ Recurring team retreats (like weekend ski raids and parties) ▸ Flexible working hours▸ Maintain & improve an existing QA process eliminating any bottlenecks ▸ Requirements testing, initial product analysis ▸ Design and execute test-cases & -suits, checklists, document test results ▸ Performing required and suitable test types for mobile (native iOS, Android & cross-platform) and web applications ▸ Involvement in product development through the whole SDLC ▸ Direct collaboration within the team and stakeholders
— Experience with GUI and API (REST) testing (2+ years); — Strong test analysis, preparation and planning skills; — Strong knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types (Functional Testing, Blackbox Testing, Smoke Testing, Whitebox Testing); — The ability to improve existing testing procedures; — Experience in creation different kinds of test documentation; — Deep knowledge of test design techniques; — Knowledge and skills in requirements testing; — Good estimation skills; — Experience with cross-browser testing and/or cross-mobile platform testing; — Understanding of CI (Jenkins, TeamCity, etc.).— Fully paid sick leaves and 20 working days paid vacation; — Great opportunity to take part in unique Ukrainian Sportsbook product development; — Team of passionate professionals with experience exchange; — Paid training sessions, conferences, professional library, career and proficiency development plans; — Team building events; — Paid sports activities/medical insurance; — Sandwiches, juices, cookies, fruits.— Improve and optimise standards and testing procedures; — Participate in Planning and Grooming; — Estimation of testing efforts; — Design test cases and suites (Test Rail); — Test Execution; — Test reporting.
Education: High Technical EducationAt least 2 years of working experience in software testing Strong knowledge of testing processes and excellent in defect tracking Advanced knowledge of testing approaches, principles and methodologies Experience and strong skills in manual testing Experience in test design techniques Web technologies and web application knowledge Strong knowledge with DBMS (Microsoft SQL Server)English (intermediate level and higher)Strong in analytical skills Observing, attentiveness to details and focus on tasks completionWe are looking for a Quality Assurance (QA) engineer to assess software quality through manual and automated testing.You will be responsible for finding and reporting bugs and glitches, consistently execute test cases (manual and/or automated) and analyze results in a timely manner, perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved. In this role, you should have a keen eye for detail and excellent communication skills.Critical thinking and problem solving abilities are a must, as well as skilled execution of test cases and a passion for quality. Benefits: Ability to work in successful IT company with international team Participation in challenging projects Competitive salary Paid vacation Health insurance Life insurance Legal support 24/7 Business trips English courses including speaking clubs with native speakers Participation in training programs Comfortable office near downtown close to an underground stationapply for this job — axiomsl.workable.com/jobs/706007Analysis of functional specs for completeness & testability Strong customer focus and ability to manage client expectations Functional and non-functional testing of software Also performed white box, grey box, cross browser and other tests Analysis of malfunction cause, clear description of bugs Validating API using Fiddler Test documentation preparation and maintenance Review Test Plans and test cases written by team members Coordination between various scrum teams to ensure consistency and accuracy across test plans Participated in daily Scrum meeting to update the daily sprint status Highlighting the potential risks to QA and Tech Leads which might affect the project schedule
Strong knowledge of UNIX or Linux operating environments Coding abilities using Python and shell scripting Experience with Selenium testing Experience with GIT Experience with REST API Experience with CIS like Jenkins Familiarity with testing methodologies and techniques Good English communication skills, both written and verbal Motivated and dedicated to learning and collaboration Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and learn quicklyExperience with virtualization, Docker, and OpenStack Understanding of advanced networking concepts Prior contributions to open source projects or publicly available code samplesWorking with Fortune 500 companies and cooperating with industry leaders Build large scale, innovative systems for mission-critical use Collaborate with exceptionally passionate, talented and engaging colleagues Competitive compensation package with strong benefits plan Lots of freedom for creativity and personal growth On-site English coursesDevelop new and improve currently existing testing tooling; Develop and maintain of testing infrastructure and automated tests; Automation of test results management (storing, archiving, searching, analysis); Debug and troubleshoot test results and work with component development teams to analyze them; Work with geographically distributed international teams on technical challenges and quality improvements; Continuously improve tooling and technologies set.
— Strong experience in testing software applications; frontend and backend. — Strong experience in developing test strategies/plans for a given product area. — Strong working knowledge of software quality assurance methodologies and be well versed in the various types of tests. — Strong experience in troubleshooting Linux server environments. — Outstanding problem solving, logic, and analytical skills. — Extremely organized in keeping track and documenting testing progress and results. — Responsible and able to manage time wisely. — Terrific communication/interaction skills to collaborate and work well as a member of the engineering team. — Thrive to grow deeper in the knowledge and understanding of how to improve the quality of our platform. — Passion for cutting-edge technologies, complex problems, and breaking things.— Direct cooperation with the customer — Business trips — Dedicated HR/ Client Manager — Regular performance reviews — Competitive Salary, medical insurance, 20 working vacation days — Regular corporate events, team buildings, etc.— Systematically and strategically test various components and features of our security intelligence platform. — Creatively design and develop comprehensive test plans/strategies to test your assigned product area and specific features. — Develop detailed test cases to test various scenarios for your product area and specific features, including their integration points throughout out the platform. — Analyze and report on test results that our team can use to ensure the quality of the platform. Improving the efficiency, reliability, and stability of the platform. — Manage schedule and expectations for completing work on time for a given development iteration. — Collaborate with other engineers, providing testing insights and coming up with innovative solutions to improve and ensure the quality of our platform. — Work closely with development, product management, and customer success to ensure delivery of a high-quality product.
— Good Python / Robot Framework knowledge and experience — git. Manipulating branches, push / pull code.— Docker. Edit Dockerfiles/compose files. Ability to build/run image / do docker compose up. — CI: Jenkins. Ability to edit jobs. — Knowledge of Linux (be able to execute console commands) — Good written and verbal communication skills (English) — Positive, friendly, easy-going attitude— Good team and well-organized management processes — Tasks for professional growth — Flexible schedule — Comfortable office in the city center — Support in professional self-education — Interesting and dynamic projects
— At least 2+ year experience within software testing — Understanding of testing processes — Knowledge of bug tracking tool Jira — Experience in creating test cases, test design — Experience of work in distributed environment, dynamic team — English — intermediate— UI automation testing basics — API testing basics (Postman) — Performance testing basics— Ability to collaborate with other team members in a global team environment — Possibility of remote work — Competitive salary — Collaborative friendly team environment — We are offering to work in a cool office in historical part of Kiev on Desyatinnaya street — Free treats: tea, coffee, cookies, English classes, corporate parties, competitions— Perform requirements analysis and testing — Participate in test scope definition for the system — Perform test design in sufficient form and maintain it — Perform continuous manual testing and bug tracking — Estimating testing effort associated with the user stories — Communicate with project lead — Report to project lead on daily basis (voice calls) — Write test documentation
・Опыт работы QA не менее 1 года. ・Опыт тестирования мобильных приложений. ・Практический опыт разработки тестовой документации и работы с ней. ・Опыт практического применения различных видов тестирования. ・Понимание Agile methodologies. ・Опыт работы с баг-трекинговыми системами. ・Знание и практическое применение методик тестирования. ・Умение разрабатывать тестовую документацию. ・Навыки планирования, умение давать оценки сроков. ・Уровень знания английского — технический/Intermediate.・Опыт участия в геймдеве. ・Опыт работы с version control systems (git).・Работа над интересными проектами. ・Удобный, современный офис. ・Дружный и молодой коллектив.・Мануальное тестирование mobile-приложений. ・Подбор и внедрение необходимых процессов, методик и инструментов под конкретные задачи/проекты. ・Разработка и актуализация тестовой документации. ・Участие в обсуждении бизнес-документации (пользовательских сценариев).
умение работать в командной строке Unix знание SQL, знание СУБД Опыт использования bug-tracking систем (Jira) Опыт создания тестовой документации (чек-листов /тест кейсов) Составление отчётов о результатах проделанной работы (тест-логи).опыт разработки автоматических тестов (на python или robotframework) опыт работы в telecom-сфере уверенное (продвинутое) знание OS Windows (умение пользоваться telnetом, запросы для определения ip/mac хоста ).-Мы предлагаем следующие условия работы: -современные методы разработки; -гибкий график работы; -достойный заработок; -оплачиваемое обучение; -оплачиваемый отпуск — 21 календарный день ; -оплачиваемые больничные ; -5 дней дополнительного отпуска; -курсы английского , -помощь от коллег и поддержку ) -чай, кофе , печеньки и обеденные разговоры в кругу друзей )ручное тестирование-автоматизированное тестирование -Тест-кейсы, баг-репортинг; -тестирование программных продуктов компании (функциональное, регрессионное) -разработка тест-кейсов -обновление и поддержка тестовых окружений -подготовка тестовых данных -документирование и верификация дефектов -поддержка в актуальном состоянии тестовой документации.
On behalf of Testing Center of Excellence, Ciklum is looking for a Senior Automation QA Engineer with JavaScript experience to join Kyiv team on a full-time basis.Client details: Ciklum Testing Center of Excellence (TCoE) is a software quality assurance unit in Ciklum, which has been evolved very rapidly for the past 4 years to a mature SQA services provider, concurrently serving up to 30 projects, consisting of 70+ SQA professionals, delivering 5 main service lines. Our main principles are: • People are over processes and hierarchy • Flat and open collaboration/communication increases creativity and brings more value to the business • Investing in people and innovations ensures your future • Reuse and share your experience — Develop best practices, publicize and follow themTesting Center of Excellence is an optimal environment for your professional involvement and growth.Testing Center of Excellence is a unique provider of QA Services and QA Consulting in the following areas: • Manual Web / Mobile QA Services • eCommerce QA Services • Automation QA Services • Performance QA Services • Security QA Services • QA ConsultingTesting Center of Excellence Team has the following certificates: • QA area — 46 certificates — ISTQB Foundation • QA area — 3 certificates — ISTQB Advanced Test Analyst & Test Manager • Scrum Master area — 29 certificates — ICAgile Certified Professional • Security area — 2 certificate — Offensive Security Certified ProfessionalQA Awards: Finalist for the European Software Testing Awards (2015, 2016) www.ciklum.com/...​ware-testing-awards-2015, www.ciklum.com/...​ware-testing-awards-2016Responsibilities • Creation of Test Automation Strategy • Technical leadership of team of automation engineers • Development of test automation framework architecture • Automation of regression and other functional testing of Web/Mobile applications • Building and maintaining automated testing frameworks. • Integrating automated testing into CI process. • Test case adjustments for automated testing needs. • Test data and test environment preparations. • Making conclusion and reporting about stability of the product under test. • Possibility to perform testing activities on several projects, communicate with developers • Project managersRequirements • 5+ years of professional experience in QA • 3+ years of professional experience in QA Automation • Solid skills in JavaScript(NodeJS), understanding of asynchronous code execution flow • Experience with Selenium WebDriverJS (NodeJS) or ProtractorJS or WebdriverIO frameworks • Experience with JasmineJS or MochaJS or CucumberJS • Good understanding of CSS and XPATH selectors syntax • Strong experience in creation of automation frameworks from scratch • Experience with implementation of automated testing for project and system • Strong experience with continuous integration processes and tools (Jenkins, Bamboo, • TeamCity or similar). • Good Knowledge of SQL • Experience of working with version control systems (e.g. GIT, SVN and others) • In-depth knowledge of test automation approaches and procedures • Good knowledge of different testing methods, techniques and types • Understanding of Agile/Scrum. • Master’s or Bachelor’s degree in Computer science or relevant • Good English skills — Upper-Intermediate and aboveDesirable • Experience in team leadership • Experience in manual testing • Experience in setting up of testing process from scratch • Knowledge of other programming languages, such as Java or C# • Experience with cloud-based automation solutions like Saucelabs, Browserstack • Experience with API level testing • Understanding architecture of Single Page Applications • TypeScript language experiencePersonal skills • Good analytical skills • Good team player, motivated to develop and solve complex tasks • Strong communication and problem solving skills • Self-motivated, self-disciplined and result-oriented • Strong attention to details and accuracyWhat’s in it for you? • Very close cooperation with different clients • Possibility to propose solutions on a project • Dynamic and challenging tasks. • Ability to influence project technologies. • Team of professionals: learn from colleagues and gain recognition of your skills. • Low bureaucracy, European management style. • Continuous self-improvement. • Trainings • Knowledge sharing meetingsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
— 2+ years of hands-one experience in Automation (preferable in Business Processes area) / UI Testing / Scripting — Advanced PC user is a must — Basic knowledge of any programming language is a great advantage — Basic knowledge of IT (OS, Networks, Virtualization, Security) is an advantage — Experience in Interface Automation is a plus — Experience in DevOps Automation is a plus — Experience in Business Processes Automation is a plusPrevious RPA / Business Process Automation experience would be a great advantage!— You would be joining fast-growing technology business that operates in space of Robotics, Machine Learning and AI — You would be exploring new technologies on how to build THE FUTURE — You would be working with large corporate clients in very dynamic environment— Business processes automation via robotic process automation method (utilizing leading RPA platforms) — Scripting software robots and setting algorithms for software robot to perform rule-based operations — Analyzing business requirements and converting them to structured algorithms for software robot to perform the required operations — Software robot performance testing, deployment, configuration, customization, technical support — Prototyping software robots for Proof of Concept and/or Marketing projects
— 2+ years of hands-one experience in Automation (preferable in Business Processes area) / UI Testing / Scripting — Advanced PC user is a must — Basic knowledge of any programming language is a great advantage — Basic knowledge of IT (OS, Networks, Virtualization, Security) is an advantage — Experience in Interface Automation is a plus — Experience in DevOps Automation is a plus — Experience in Business Processes Automation is a plusPrevious RPA / Business Process Automation experience would be a great advantage!— You would be joining fast-growing technology business that operates in space of Robotics, Machine Learning and AI — You would be exploring new technologies on how to build THE FUTURE — You would be working with large corporate clients in very dynamic environment— Business processes automation via robotic process automation method (utilizing leading RPA platforms) — Scripting software robots and setting algorithms for software robot to perform rule-based operations — Analyzing business requirements and converting them to structured algorithms for software robot to perform the required operations — Software robot performance testing, deployment, configuration, customization, technical support — Prototyping software robots for Proof of Concept and/or Marketing projects
— Test automation experience (Ranorex is preferred); — Windows 8.1 or above advanced usage; — Intermediate or above English (primarily written); — Basic .NET/C# understanding.— Continuous Integration (VSTS); — Git (GitHub); — Agile methodologies.— Sophisticated tasks in socially significant areas; — No bureaucracy; — Flexibility in working hours ; — Accounting as a service; — Friendly, professional team; — Competitive salary based on the interview results; — Comfortable environment (coffee, sweets, snacks, fruits, boardgames, Xbox, table football and tennis).— Create and manage automated test scripts for Windows Desktop (WPF) applications; — Improve and update test coverage in complex CI (continuous integration) flow; — Communicate with the team, take initiative, provide early feedback on the product quality; — Be very precise and detail-oriented.
Our company, OpenSoft, is looking for an application engineer to develop solutions, based on automotive SW in the field of automobile certifications: • 33% of engineering (emission regulation analyze, maths and physics) + 33% of some scripting+33% of testing • ability to understand the complex SW-products • MS office (Excel, Word) is a must • written/reading English is a must• spoken English is a plus • VB, VBScript, VB.Net or other scripting/programming language is a plus • education in the field automotive industry (e.g. local transport university) is a plus • physics (mechanics field) is a plus • engineering mind is a plus • German is a plus• the competitive salary, depending on your skills; • friendly environment; • professional growth in that environment • paid sick leave; 24d vacations; flexible schedule; sport & social events; •business trips to our European & American customers;To engineer the automotive solution, according to emission regulation driving cycles for vehicles and engines (combustion, hybrid, electrical).
On behalf of EDEA, Ciklum is looking for Manual QA Engineer to join our Kiev team on a full-time basis.EDEA is one of Israel’s leading IT companies specializing in developing solutions for the market of destabilization, trade and services. For development, we use the latest technologies (Node.js, React, Jest) and Agile approaches. You will work in a team with the developers in Israel and Ukraine, and communicate with the API using standard methods. A thorough understanding of all of the components of our platform and infrastructure is required.Responsibilities: • Compiling test cases • Manual testing of Web application • Finding ways to improve the user experience on mobile devices • Create the report on mistakes • Bug tracking in JIRA • Be part of Kiev Agile team • In the near future: write automated testsRequirements: • 1+ year experience in Web applications testing; • Manual Testing Experience; • Experience in compiling test cases; • Testing Methodology Knowledge and ability to create the report on mistakes; • English (Intermediate)Desirable: • Experience in using automation frameworks; • Ability to organize and start the testing process; • JavaScript knowledgeWhat’s in it for you? • State of the art, cool, centrally located office with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions. • Ciklum Development Community, variety of knowledge sharing and learning opportunities. • Competitive salaryAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
— Understanding of the development processes and software lifecycle — Theoretical knowledge base in software testing — Knowledge of Agile methodology — Understanding the client-server architecture — Understanding of web technologies: HTTP, XML, and JSON — Good communication skills — Team player — At least intermediate level of English— Experience with a manual testing Web application, and server-side components — Experience in API testing: Swagger and Postman — Experience creating and supporting testing documentation (checklist, test case, bug report)• Decent salary (your salary is discussed during the interview) • Regularly assessments and salary reviews • Normal 8×5 day working hours (no overtime) • Annual paid vacations • Free English lessons • Comfortable office with coffee, tea, cookies • Free lunches • Regular corporate events, team pizza lunches and beer Fridays
— Commercial experience as QA Engineer in WEB — Solid understanding of Web-related technologies: HTTP, JSON, XML etc. — Experience in web and mobile applications testing — Proficient understanding of Git — Experience with databases and ability to write queries: PostgreSQL, MongoDB, MySQL — Bug tracking: Redmine, Jira, Trello HTML/CSS — Practical knowledge of work process based on Agile — both Scrum and Kanban— Knowledge of Blockchain technology — REST API testing — Programming skills would be a plus (Java, JavaScript) — English level — upper-intermediate— Competitive salary and bonuses — Flexible schedule with ability to earn more by achieving more — Super exciting blockchain related projects — International work environment — Class A office at Creative Quarter (Gulliver) with open spaces, kitchen, food courts, fitness centre and shopping available — Opportunity for professional growth as a member of our developing company— Requirements analysis and elaboration — Functional testing, bugs reporting — Creation of test documentation — Environment configuration, test data creation
— 3+ years’ experience as a QA Engineer; — Experience with native mobile application testing (iOS & Android); — Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies and processes; — Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases; — Experience using Xcode, Android Studio, Charles/Fiddler; — Experience with Postman/Swagger; — Understanding of client-server architecture.— Hands-on experience with automated testing tools; — Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process; — Experience with Crashlytics or similar services; — Experience with Git/SVN (you know what to do with branches).— Fully paid sick leaves and 20 working days paid vacation; — Great opportunity to take part in unique Ukrainian Sportsbook product development; — Team of passionate professionals with experience exchange; — Paid training sessions, conferences, professional library, career and proficiency development plans; — Team building events; — Paid sports activities/medical insurance; — Sandwiches, juices, cookies, fruits.— Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback; — Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases; — Create, execute and maintain manual test cases; — Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities; — Initiate and execute tests without having a detailed test case; — Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs; — Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved; — Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements; — Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts.
Required skills: 2+ years of experience in Tests Automation using JS Experience in Web UI tests automation Good knowledge in Test Automation concepts and approaches Experience with SQL and/or non-SQL databases To be highly experienced in Selenium, PhantomJS or Electron tool Good Knowledge of OOP principles Ability to design applicable test suites to cover newly created functionality Good knowledge of bug life cycle Intermediate or higher level of EnglishPersonal skills: Discipline and strong attention to details; Ability for teamwork; Experience in effort estimates.We offer: Challenging tasks & professional growth Competitive compensation Full benefits package Interesting corporate events and team buildings Friendly experienced team Business trip Free English classes 20 days leave / hospital per year Good office location
— 1 year of experience in manual testing; — Being familiar with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Confluence, Test Link); — A passion for mobile and online games, especially strategy games; — Strong communication skills, both verbally and written in English.— opportunity to join a young company in a strong growth phase; — a room to grow; — centrally located office with free sweets, coffee and full of smart people; — opportunity to work in multi-cultural environment; — medical insurance/partial sport compensation; — permanent corporate events; — free German classes and English speaking clubs.— Quality control: Analyzing, reproducing, documenting and evaluating of Software defects of mobile applications; — Creation of bug reports and maintenance of our bug database; — Creation of new test cases and scenarios based on design specifications; — Manual testing of mobile applications; — Work closely with the Game Development Department.
• Commercial experience in web testing (1+ years) • Good understanding of web technologies (SSO/SSL/HTML/CSS/JS) • Practical experience in Agile/Scrum development processes • Intermediate written and spoken English • Strong analytical skills • Strong troubleshooting skills • We are looking for a proactive, result-oriented person with good QA knowledge and good communication skills.• Experience in mobile testing • Practical experience in automation (preferably JS) • Work experience in gambling/gaming industry • BSC/MS in either Software Engineering or Computer Science• Possibility to cooperate with a product company • Professional growth • Educational possibilities • Competitive compensation • Fully-equipped perfect office space located in the city center (“Palats Sportu” metro station) • Warm and friendly attitude to every specialist• Manual testing of web and mobile applications • Analysis of business and technical requirements • Work with all kinds of QA documentation (Test Plans, Test Cases, Check Lists, Reports) • Participation in refinement and planning sessions • Work in a self-organized agile team • Communication with the teams of Playtech • Work according to generally accepted best practices and internal policies • Reporting to QA Team Lead, Scrum Master and other team members about status, progress and concerns of work • Possibility to get acquainted with Automation (JS)
— 2+ years of manual QA experience; — good understanding of test design techniques and principles; — good analytical skills and attention to details — experience in test documentation creation (test cases, check-lists, bug reports); — understanding of web client-server architecture; — ability to use browser DevTools (Firebug for Mozilla, Chrome DevTools etc.); — understanding of HTML/CSS— competitive financial reward paid vacation and sick leave. — opportunity to participate in an interesting project and make an impact. — small and friendly team of developers. — flexible hours — office that is in 1m walking distance from Lva Tolstogo subway station. — free cookies.— manual testing of web application — report issues in bug tracking system — identify, execute, and support continuous improvement of the QA process — working with software developers — maintaining test plan, use cases, and test cases — participating in defining functionality expected result, testing requirementsBe prepared for first step of the interview — test task.
• Understanding of software developmental life cycles and methodologies (required) • Ability to multi-task with multiple priorities and time frames • Experience of using bug tracking systems like Pivotal, Jira and test case managing systems like TestRail • Knowledge of all possible applications types (such as web, desktop, etc.) and specifics of their testing • Ability to prepare test design according to the defined test approach to guarantee full coverage of product specifications or requirements (required) • Advanced knowledge of testing techniques: test results should be reliable and should not be additionally validated • Ability to perform defect reason analysis, prepare detailed and helpful defect reports with expected results for fixing defects, and perform impact analysis to cover possible influence on a product • Ability to work independently with no supervision • Negotiation, interpersonal communication, and influence skills (required) • Planning and estimation skills (required) • English level — intermediate Strong and above (required) • Experience: at least 4 years of quality control background (required)• Implement and execute tests which ensure all products and services meet client requirements, in addition to company standards • Perform analysis, reporting, and tracking of defects/issues, using a defined procedure and workflow • Perform impact analysis and inspection of all possible items for inaccuracies and completeness of realization based on specifications or requirements, changes to requirements, system changes related to regression testing or defect fixing; preparation of corresponding documents/conclusions to avoid similar problems in the future • Identify test design: define scope, expediency, and types of test design and testing according to selected test types to ensure product quality. Find and document product discrepancies and works with other technical personnel • Prepare internal and external quality reports (test execution, test summary, etc.) at various project stages and define templates for management/client staff review • Design, establish, and execute test plans that will be delivered with a product within established specifications • Analyze and understand client’s business area. Analyzes and evaluates client’s requirements and demands properly in the initial project phase when minimum project related information is available. Shares this information between team members • Analyze detailed software requirements on the basis of SRS, business area, and communication with the Client • Research project areas which can be improved and suggests improvements • Cooperate with clients, identify their needs, and manage client requirements and expectations
— 3+ years commercial experience as QA Engineer in WEB and REST API testing; — Solid understanding of Web-related technologies: HTTP, JSON, XML etc.; — Practical experience with Unix based OS’s; — Proficient understanding of Git; — Good understanding of software development process (Scrum, Kanban) — Experience with databases and ability to write queries: PostgreSQL, MongoDB, MySQL; — Experience with project management tools: Jira, Spira; — At least intermediate level of English.— Knowledge of Blockchain technology; — Programming skills would be a plus (Java, Phyton, bash) — Experience with virtualization and containerization tools: Docker, Virtualbox; — Experience in Mobile testing.Soft skills: — We are looking for enthusiastic QA engineer with strong analytical and communication skills willing to learn about the Blockchain technology; — Must demonstrate the ability to work independently and as a team player; — Must be able to multi-task.— We are flexible in terms of working hours. — Our fantastic roof-top office based right in the city centre of Kiev and 360 degrees terrace offering a fantastic view. — Two-floor comfortable open workspace along with conference rooms, showers, kitchens, table tennis and many more. — We have free fresh food delivered to everyone in the office — breakfasts, lunches and dinners. And you will have a range to choose from! — We pay for full, an unlimited gym membership that is located right in the office building. — The best medical insurance available. — Free English classes every week. — Snacks, coffee, teas, fruits, cakes and cookies. — Best team you will ever find.— Backend and frontend testing; — Create and update testing documentation; — Perform functional, integration, regression and usability testing.
* Knowledge and understanding software testing methodologies, approaches and techniques * 1-2 years of QA experience * Knowledge of SQL * Experience in testing web applications and web services * Knowledge of software development life cycle and process * Good communication skills * Good written and spoken English * Experience in test automation of web applications* Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field * Experience in using continuous integration tools * Experience of working in Unix/Linux environment * Experience in product support * Knowledge of SoapUI, JMeter * ISTQB certification* Possibility to work with a product company * Professional growth * Educational possibilities * Competitive compensation * Fully-equipped perfect office space located in the city center (“Palats Sportu” metro station) * Warm and friendly attitude to every specialistResponsibilities: * Requirements analysis * Defining test strategy * Writing and running test cases * Defects reporting * Maintaining test documentation
On behalf of Optimal+, Ciklum is looking for QA Automation Engineer to join Kyiv team on full-time basis. Become a part of the only Big Data analytics software company which provides an end-to-end product analytics solution for semiconductor and electronics companies.About Client: Optimal+ provides the only solution in the market to manage the mutual sharing of product and manufacturing data between semiconductor OCMs and electronic OEMs, breaking new ground by facilitating transparency into product genealogy and traceability in the extended semiconductor-electronics ecosystem. With over 50 billion chips and boards processed annually, Optimal+ provides solutions that drive IIoT connectivity, enhance yield and productivity, reduce RMAs, and usher in an age of robust, long-term quality products.Responsibilities: • Develop new and challenging automation infrastructure using a combination of technologies including development in C#. • Work with a diverse group of engineers throughout the entire deployment phases. • Wield incredible amounts of data and complexity and solve interesting problems. • Lead a development tasks from conception through the entire development lifecycle. • Maintain existing software systems by identifying and correcting software defects. • Responsible for testing features and writing automatic tests scenariosRequirements: • 2+ years of experience with application development using C# .NET framework (.NET 4.0 or greater). • 2+ experience in automation win apps development using Coded UI. • Strong exposure to object oriented design and development is required. • Previous experience with DB MS-SQL\Vertica • Hands-on development, independently and paired with software engineers. • Effective communication in English — both verbally and written • BSc in computer sciences / Software EngineerPersonal skills: • Are you Agile minded? • Are you passionate for huge data challenged? • Finding a quick solution for a complex task makes your day? If you answer yes to the above questions, you may have great future with us.What’s in it for you? • Join us in creating next-generation software that ensures the lifetime quality and reliability of the smart electronic products that drive our lives • Optimal+ software breaks new ground in connecting the entire continuum of semiconductor and electronics manufacturing from chip to board to system. No one else is doing this — or having a genuine impact on the market — quite like we are • Usage of the latest technologies and tools to develop and deliver amazing products • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditionsAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
2+ года работы на позиции QA с высоконагруженными, высокопроизводительными приложениями в AWS или других публичных облачных сервисах 5+ лет работы как Automation QA, желательно — тестирование REST API Дизайн и архитектура QA облачных решений, пирамида тестирования Понимание безопасности и надежности облачных систем Опыт с СI/CDЗнания продуктов и API’s AWS Понимание Unix и системного администрирования Знание архитектуры интернет-сервисов Python Опыт тестирования image processing Хобби фотография/опыт коммерческой фотографииПроектировать, создавать и поддерживать пирамиду автотестов для Web API размещенных в публичном облаке. 80% функционала будет back-end, на фронте только админпанельДизайн и архитектура автоматического тестирования облачных решений Тестирование Web REST(ful) API, размещенных в публичных облачных сервисах Функциональное тестирование качества обработки изображений DevOps QA, включая «monkey» и «canary» решения Нагрузочное, cost/performance тестирование Поддержка согласно SLA (НЕ 24/7)
We’re hiring for a Software Test Engineer with deep experience in manual testing and the prospect of development in automation fieldRequired skills: • Strong experience in manual WEB and Mobile testing • Advanced knowledge of testing approaches, techniques and methodologies • Strong experience in writing testing documentation • Basic Database (SQL) knowledge • Basic knowledge of test automation approaches will be a plus • Strong ability to prioritize in multitasking environment • Strong analytical skills • Developed communication skills • Attentiveness to details and curiosity • English — Intermediate levelWhat we offer: • Work in a team of professionals • Opportunity for professional growth and career development • English classes, external/internal trainings • Social package (paid vacation, sickness leaves) • Flexible work schedule • Football training, corporate events & activities • Friendly team and management • Convenient office locationIf you have any additional questions, please, feel free to contact me anytime. IT Recruiter, Kateryna Klymchuk Skype: katerina.klimchuk kateryna.klymchuk@codeit.com.ua
On behalf of Ciklum New Client, we are looking for experienced QA Lead to join Kyiv team on full-time basis and to help create awesome games at a company that puts quality at the front.Our client is a Tel Aviv based game development company. They produced different social games for iOS, Android and Facebook. Have more than 1 million users. Their goal is to develop top quality casual games and connect people, friends and players from all over the world. They have very good positions on the market, high quality, they care about user experience, do a lot of analysis, company has good revenue grows. With More than 1M Daily Active Users and over 60 Million downloads, their main game is a Top 10 most grossing game in over 60 countries, kept its place as a top grossing game in every country it was officially launched.We follow our belief that reaching success comes from setting high standards and striving to be the best at all we do: • Stunning art • Fun game play • Marketing expertise • Data science • Advanced technology • No compromises on qualityResponsibilities • Ability to apply QA processes, techniques and methodologies • Lead and grow a team of manual QA engineers: 4-8 people • Review a test case documentation. • Manual exploratory and regression testing. • Working in Kiev based cross-functional teams that also include Unity game developers and Backend developers.Requirements • 3 + years experience in manual mobile testing • 2 + years experience in leading the QA team: 4+ people • Excellent knowledge of testing methodologies • Experience in writing test documentation • Excellent communication skills in English • Gaming experience is a huge advantage • Automation experience will be a plus.What’s in it for you? • Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • A challenging function, with a lot of responsibility in a unique dynamic environment • Work with the latest technologies. • Work with skilled and professional team mates. Collaborating together to create awesome games served to tens of millions of players. • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions • Competitive salaryAbout Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to hr@ciklum.com
• Master’s degree in Finance, quantitative combination degrees welcomed • Strong knowledge of MS Office Applications (Excel) and an interest in IT in general • Test experience in Financial Software • Experience in Relational Database Management Systems (Access, MS SQL, Oracle or similar) • Ability to follow defined test cases and document deviations in an effective manner • Ability to work structured and persistent with very large data volumes • High analytical capacity • Advanced English skills • Interest in the Finance industry and the capacity to get knowledge in new areas • Able to locate, analyse and describe a problem in a structured way • Able to keep a good grasp of details, accurate with numbers• Consulting experience a plus • ISTQB or similar (preferred)SimCorp offers a challenging and rewarding position in a global professional services organisation. The atmosphere is open and informal and highly professional, and you will find great development possibilities, personally as well as professionally.• Offer SimCorp consultancy resources for performing and coordinating test when upgrading, patching and changing configuration in existing SimCorp Dimension implementations; • Assist client in identifying the client’s critical workflows and document these; define test tools and test methodologies that are used internally on a client’s side, add knowhow and efficiency to the process; • Create business test cases and apply those based on the business requirements defined in the scope document; • Analyze the client’s SimCorp Dimension workflows (calculation, transaction, interface, reporting and other business flows); match those with scope requirements and defined business cases; create automated test scripts for testing purposes; • Make SimCorp Dimension workflows more visible for client by providing all necessary test execution documentations and offering SimCorp consultancy resources on fixing/solving/suggesting and then applying solutions whenever there is a mismatch between tested environments; • Automate relevant workflows to increase quality and repeatability. • Execute regression test in the Client’s environment • Prepare test reports for Clients in cooperation HQ Test Management team • Participate in analysis workshops for new or existing clients to define optimal test approach • Produce and maintain internal documentation (Test Procedures and Guides)
Automation QA EngineerA US-based startup is looking for a QA Engineer who will join our core product team and help us build a unique set of products blending blockchain with crowdsourcing and promising to reinvent the ways people do things together.Our offering includes: Small but highly skilled, technically savvy and passionate team Open, honest and inclusive culture Unlimited vacations and sick days Benefits&perksWe are looking for an Automation\Manual QA Engineer to join our product teamWho you are Experience in testing the software 2+ years Good knowledge of Web protocols and experience in backend testing (REST APIs, GraphQL) using Postman Performing functional, compatibility, integration and regression testing of mobile applications (mostly Android, iOS) and web-based solutions Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases (Postgres, Elastic Search etc.) Experience working with Continuous Integration tools (Jenkins) and cooperation with DevOps Experience working with GIT Creating test documents, checklists and other QA related documentation Experience working in Agile teams and in using JIRA Real team player and cool guy/gal overallWill be a plus: Experience in Test Automation — JMeter, Selenium+Java, Apium (for mobile testing) etc. (Big Plus) Experience with Kibana or another logs service Good written and spoken English ( intermediate +)
• 1+ years of experience as a manual QA engineer • Experience in web application testing • Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes • Background knowledge of web technologies • Good knowledge and understanding of different types of tests (regression, functional, etc.) • Ability to work with agile methodologies • English language skills• Experience with automation testing • Basic knowledge of web development • Experience with CI systems• Competitive pay with yearly salary review • Performance related bonus worth up to 20% of annual salary • 20 days paid holiday per year + public holidays • An extra paid day off on your birthday • Paid sick days • Work abroad for 4 weeks of the year (in a location of your choosing) • Individual training budget of $800/year • An extensive library of technical books in the office • Free English lessons every week in the office • A modern, quiet and comfortable workplace • Fast, powerful PC or Laptop and high quality 24″ screen(s) • A plentiful supply of coffee, cookies and fruit in the office• Perform quality assurance testing. Handle scope of QA processes to support continuous development of web application. • Create detailed and well-structured test cases, checklists and test plans • Identify, record, document and track bugs • Work closely with our software developers
3 years of QA experience with web technologies like: HTML, CSS, Javascript, XML, AJAX, WebServices Experience with REST API Experience with Confluence Has a testing background and an experience with test management tools Knowledge of Web applications, SQL & Scripting Operating systems: Windows, Linux . Experience with regression, integration and system level test execution Experience with test planning, strategy, test case development and test execution Familiarity with bug tracking JIRA, reporting, verification tools and processes Strong problem solver and abstract thinker Intermediate level of speaking and writing EnglishDockers SQL Postman or similar tool APIARYGrow yourselfAbility to develop and assemble a team for your idea. Join BIGUDI Formula 1 — dedicated program for employees who want to develop managerial skills Attendance of professional conferences both as participant and speaker Employee development and training programs (Soft Skills & Hard Skills Club) English language classes & Speaking ClubHave funWork out machines and other sports equipment in every office Event4you program — 50% of the leisure time costs of your team are paid by the company Musical instruments, board games, darts, table football & tennis, barbeque and recreation areas in each office Free corporate bicycles Great variety of drinks and snacks, ice cream, and fruit in the office kitchen areaNice to haveMedical insurance for all employees and corporate doctor at the office Сompany travel manager assistance in travel Pleasant surprises for newcomers and employees who passed the trial period Corporate discounts in cafes near the office Baby birth and wedding bonus On-site parking lot Lawyer consultations Comfortable working placeThe Quality Assurance Engineer is responsible for supporting the planning, design and execution of system testing on simple to complex implementations. The QA tester works collaboratively within the IT department to execute and validate test cases based upon system requirements
— Demonstrated experience in Quality Assurance (2+ years) — Upper Intermediate English — Testing tools / systems experience — Understanding and knowledge of Web Technologies/protocols (CSS, JSON, AJAX, JavaScript, HTTP, SSL) — Experience in using SQL (MySQL/Oracle), Unix/Linux — Excellent written and oral communication skills — Excellent critical thinking and problem solving abilities — Experience using source control tools (e.g., GIT, Subversion). — Thorough knowledge of software development, configuration management, release processes — Proven ability to write concise, complete, well organized bug reports, test cases, and status reports. — Document all stages of the QA process and work with QA Management to define & improve best testing practices. — Perform test case reviews and provide feedback to junior team members in developing appropriate test cases and strategies— Experience testing API’s — Experience working with off-shore teamsGrow yourself— Ability to develop and assemble a team for your idea. Join BIGUDI — Formula 1 — dedicated program for employees who want to develop managerial skills — Attendance of professional conferences both as participant and speaker — Employee development and training programs (Soft Skills & Hard Skills Club) — English language classes & Speaking ClubHave fun— Work out machines and other sports equipment in every office — Event4you program — 50% of the leisure time costs of your team are paid by the company — Musical instruments, board games, darts, table football & tennis, barbeque and recreation areas in each office — Free corporate bicycles — Great variety of drinks and snacks, ice cream, and fruit in the office kitchen areaNice to have— Medical insurance for all employees and corporate doctor at the office — Сompany travel manager assistance in travel — Pleasant surprises for newcomers and employees who passed the trial period — Corporate discounts in cafes near the office — Baby birth and wedding bonus — On-site parking lot — Lawyer consultations — Comfortable working place— QA Engineer is responsible for developing and executing test plans and test cases for all products of the project. The ideal candidate must be able to work in a fast paced ever- changing environment and be able to adapt to constantly changing priorities. The candidate will be expected to work within cross-functional teams to ensure on time and quality release of products. — Work closely with project team to review requirements/design for testability and develop a test approach. — Develop plans, scenarios and test scripts, execute test suites, analyze and report results — Identify, track, and follow through on issues and defects — Manage scope and priorities to complete testing efforts on time.
— Solid knowledge in QA theory and processes (SDLC) — Ability to work with distributed team — Basic understanding of client-server architecture — Experience in mobile testing — Experience in API testing — Page Object pattern — Experience with Test Management Systems — English (intermediate)Automation tech stack — Ruby programming language — Appium / Selenium — Cucumber — RSpec — Capybara— Basic understanding in CI/CD systems (Jenkins\GitLab)Grow yourselfAbility to develop and assemble a team for your idea. Join BIGUDI Formula 1 — dedicated program for employees who want to develop managerial skills Attendance of professional conferences both as participant and speaker Employee development and training programs (Soft Skills & Hard Skills Club) English language classes & Speaking ClubHave funWork out machines and other sports equipment in every office Event4you program — 50% of the leisure time costs of your team are paid by the company Musical instruments, board games, darts, table football & tennis, barbeque and recreation areas in each office Free corporate bicycles Great variety of drinks and snacks, ice cream, and fruit in the office kitchen areaNice to haveMedical insurance for all employees and corporate doctor at the office Сompany travel manager assistance in travel Pleasant surprises for newcomers and employees who passed the trial period Corporate discounts in cafes near the office Baby birth and wedding bonus On-site parking lot Lawyer consultations Comfortable working place
Maxpay is looking for a talented Automation QA Engineer.Maxpay is an international, integrated payment processor providing payment solutions and services for any type of online business. The company focuses on offering consulting services as well as providing technical and legal expertise. Maxpay works with the largest acquirer banks in Europe, USA, Canada, Great Britain and Asia.As an Automation QA Engineer in Maxpay you will: — test the provider of payment services; — create, launch and support autotests after releases; — create and support test documentation; — deal with programmers and managers team.Requirements: — at least 4 years of experience in software testing; — at least 2 year experience in development of automated scripts (Java); — solid experience with testing APIs (REST), automation of API testing; — experience with automation mobile testing (Android, iOS); — experience with CI and source control systems such as Git/Github; — deep understanding of OOP; — solid experience in functional testing; — ability to deal with challenging project; — positive approach to difficulties and creative problem solver; — well organized and detail-oriented; — good communication skills.Will be a plus: — experience in banking, payment systems and services; — basic understanding of security and penetration testing; — experience in non-functional testing; — being a creative problem solver.What we offer: — dynamic and challenging project; — paid holiday up to 24 days; — paid sick leave; — corporate events and team-building; — pleasant social package; — comfortable office with chill zone, coffee, tea and sweets; — convenient office location near the Maidan Nezalezhnosti metro station; — young and friendly staff, team of professionals; — competitive salary.Feel free to contact me — sandrakravchuk (skype)
Conductor is growing our Engineering Team and we are looking for an experienced Software Engineer in Test with a focus on infrastructure. From the CEO down, Conductor is committed to making quality an integral part of its company brand. The Quality Team at Conductor is a dedicated engineering team that approaches software from a different angle. We are engineers whose goal it is to challenge all assumptions and identify places where the software will break. We do this by having a deep knowledge of how the software is built and how the system is laid out, where the holes are and most importantly, what matters most to our customers.What you need to know: • 3-5 years of automated testing or development experience • Experience working with high volume enterprise level services • Experience with Java, other programming languages a plus (Scala, Python, etc.) • Experience with at least one highly available data store (Hadoop, MySQL, etc.) • Experience building continuous integration and deployment solutions (Jenkins, TeamCity, etc.) • Familiarity with at automated testing frameworks (Selenium, Watir, Cucumber, etc.) • Familiarity with building and releasing in an agile environment • Familiarity with modern virtualization technologies (Kubernetes, Docker, etc.) • Experience with Amazon Web Services a plus • Ability to work independently• Work in a company where quality comes first • Competitive salary and social package • Good working conditions (centrally located office, Mac equipment, table tennis, etc)What you will do:• Understand customer needs and scenarios • Participate in design reviews with product management and feature teams • Implement and support continuous integration and deployment solutions • Develop tooling and infrastructure to help feature teams measure and increase their velocity • Build automation frameworks to help integrate tests into the current development process • Design and implement load and performance tests • Ensure ongoing quality of the service available to customers
• Experience managing a team of engineers • 3-5 years of automated testing or development experience • Experience working with high volume enterprise level services • Experience with Java, other programming languages a plus (Scala, Python, etc.) • Experience with at least one highly available data store (Hadoop, MySQL, etc.) • Experience building continuous integration and deployment solutions (Jenkins, TeamCity, etc.) • Familiarity with at automated testing frameworks (Selenium, Watir, Cucumber, etc.) • Familiarity with building and releasing in an agile environment • Familiarity with modern virtualization technologies (Kubernetes, Docker, etc.) • Experience with Amazon Web Services a plus • Ability to work independently• Good salary and social package • Cool working conditions (comfortable working place, Mac equipment, table tennis, etc) • Office location close to the subway station (Olimpiiska)• Lead and mentor a team of Software Development Engineers in Test • Hire and onboard new team members • Understand customer needs and scenarios • Participate in design reviews with Product Management and feature teams • Coordinate and drive development efforts across feature teams • Establish and maintain a high level of quality for features in development and production • Ensure that teams comply with continuous integration and deployment guidelines
— Сommercial experience in QA/Testing role — Knowledge of software testing methodologies — Experience in testing web applications, test documentation creation and using bug tracking systems — Upper-intermediate English or higher — Excellent communication and leadership skills — Motivated, enthusiastic and ambitious — Interested in achieving a common goal— Interest in development as an automated tester — Understanding of Cloud Infrastructure — Experience in technical documentation writing — Adaptability to diverse tasksCompetitive salary package — Young and dedicated team with a family-like spirit — Interesting and challenging tasks — Fast career growth related to individual interests — Environment fostering personal development and rewarding achievements — Free lunches and English lessons — 24 working days of annual paid vacation — Paid holidays and sick leave — Modern office and additional benefits (e.g. fruits and beverages sponsored by the company, table tennis)The successful candidate shall have a passion and commitment to work closely with the software engineers and communicate effectively with the customer. He or she will play a key role in assuring quality of the project, task management and project documentation handling.
— Bachelors’ Degree, preferably in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related discipline — 3+ years’ experience with software testing and quality assurance of software applications — Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes — Strong knowledge of SQL — Excellent communication and organizational skills — Ability to take initiative and be a self-starter — Ability to multi-task and work in a deadline-oriented environment— Experience in Software Requirements Specification reviewing; — Experience in ALM Software automation— Competitive high salary — Work in the technology software product company, with great goal-oriented people, without any outsourcing issues — Good location of office at Kiev center — Young and energy team — Paid vacation and sick leave — Friendly work schedule — Optional partial participation after trial periodAs a QA Engineer you will estimate, plan, and coordinate testing activities. Responsible for ensuring software quality within complex financial aid software through the development and execution of software test plans by way of verification procedures based upon software and system specifications Essential Job Functions: Define test methods and create test plans for new or updated software projects to determine if the software will perform accurately and reliably according to documented requirements as well as established standards under both normal and abnormal conditions. Recommend design improvements or corrections to engineers throughout the development process. Execute test plans and create test reports to describe program evaluation, testing, and correction.
• 3+ years of web testing experience in the enterprise environment • Firm understanding of QA methodologies and tools • Experience with REST API testing, experience with Postman/Swagger or similar will be a plus • Experience working in the Agile/Lean development environment • Excellent communication skills, analytical and troubleshooting abilities • Upper-Intermediate level of English • Experience with web debugging tools: Firebug, Google Chrome DevTools• Understanding of CI\CD process with Jenkins • Experience with version control systems (Git) • Understanding and some knowledge in automation testing setup and writing scripts• Requirements analysis and clarifications • Create and keep up-to-date test cases, bugs, QA tasks in team collaboration tool • Actively participate in team meetings and collaborate with the Client • Prepare the environment for testing, demo, staging and production servers • Perform all types of testing and testing activities • Carry out regression testing and releases
• 0,5 −1 year of experience in software testing • Degree in computer science or related field • Strong knowledge of software testing methodologies and processes • Experience working in Linux and Windows environments • Experience working with touchscreen tablet devices • Knowledge of web-based application architecture • Understanding of web applications: JavaScript, AJAX, cookies/sessions, browser differences, web servers • Understanding of XML data format, HTML/CSS • Team player mentality • Ability to learn and tackle new or unfamiliar technologies and methodologies • Strong written and spoken English• Experience working in a fast-paced agile development environment • Familiarity with Jira, TestRail, VMWare • Familiarity with Selenium WebDriver, Java • Familiarity with REST Web Services testing • Familiarity with JSON • Knowledge of databases (e.g. MySQL)• Competitive salary • Bonus system based on appraisal results • 100% compliance with Labor Law and even more (100% covered sick leaves, 24 WORKING days of vacation) • Medical insurance (A and A+ class clinics) • English lessons • Comfortable office location (near Petrivka Metro station) • Free parking • Comfortable working environment (hi-end workstations, recreation area) • Daily fruits and snacks• Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test suites with test cases • Perform different types of testing in multiple platforms and browsers • Bug reporting and bug tracking • Configure test environments • Work closely with development and QA teams • Participate in daily scrum meetings, sprint planning • Achieve goals as part of a Scrum team in order to deliver functionality, enhancements, and fixes • Build strong working relationships internally by demonstrating the team values in the Agile / Scrum process and collaborating cross-functionally to solve problems • Be part of a continuous improvement atmosphere, proactively suggesting improvements to the product design and development processes.
— Желателен опыт тестирования веб-сайтов — Хорошее понимание принципов работы сайтов — Плюсом будет профильное образование— Заработная плата по результатам собеседования с постоянным повышением в дальнейшем по факту профессионального роста и обучения — Офис с кофе-чаем-печеньками-зоной отдыха, гамаком, шашлыками и посиделками — Рабочий день Пн-Пт, график свободный — Нестандартные задачи и интересные проекты — Молодой дружный коллектив, демократичная и творческая атмосфера — Оплачиваемые тренинги, семинары и конференции— Планирование тестирования. — Ручное и автоматизированное тестирование веб-сайтов. — Регистрация дефектов в системе трекинга задач. — Внятно и доступно описывать результаты своей работы, что было протестировано и какие итоги. — Взаимодействие с разработчиками.
QA Engineer Необходимые компетенции: • Опыт в планировании и управлении QA -процессами • Знания видов, типов, уровней и принципов тестирования и практические и навыки использования методологии разработки ПО • Знания/опыт в тестировании WEB — продуктов • Знания/ опыт в написании тестовой документации (test plan, checklist, test case, bug report, test report) • Развиты навыки в CSS, HTML, JS, SQL для качественного тестирования Web’a Дополнительными преимуществами будут: • Знание инструментов Atlassian (Jira, Confluence) • Понимание принципов работы Jmeter и Selenium с желанием развиваться в автоматизацииМы предлагаем • Работу в высокопрофессиональном и дружном коллективе • Достойную и стабильную оплату труда (ставка+бонусы) • Регулярное обучение и развитие в компании, индивидуальный подход к каждому сотруднику • Комфортный и просторный офис в центре города возле метро • Гибкий график работы • Корпоративные мероприятия • Курсы английского языка в офисе • Оплата отпусков и больничных О компании ANIART • jobs.dou.ua/...​companies/aniart/reviews • www.aniart-online.comЖдем ваши резюме с указанием желаемого уровня з/п !!!• Проведение ручного и автоматизированного тестирования • Выявление ошибок, внесение данных в баг-трекинговую систему, написание отчетов по результатам тестирования • Планирование процесса тестирования, написание тест-кейсов • Оформление технической документации • Активное взаимодействие с командой
The largest online social network for artists and art enthusiasts, and a platform for emerging and established artists to exhibit, promote, and share their work with an enthusiastic, art-centric community. We have over 45 million registered members and attract over 50 million unique visitors per month. Our members — knowns as deviants — upload tens of thousands of pieces of original artworks every day, everything from painting and sculpture to digital art, pixel art, films, and anime.We’re looking for someone who is passionate about testing, building and leading a strategic QA plan for our re-designed system.A QA Engineer with at least 3 years’ experience in web-based QA (applications/sites). Your strong QA skills make you a pro at identifying bugs and solving complex problems, and your web-related knowledge (HTML, CSS, JS, Browser debugging) is impressive.You know how to ask the right questions and push back when it’s needed. A Sherlock Holmes style problem solver, you’re good at taking ownership of tasks and communicating the product’s quality status. You’re self-motivated, self-taught and work well in teams as well as independently.Bonus points if you have knowledge of the digital art ecosystem.• Constantly think like Deviant Art’s users and do your best to make sure all positive and negative scenarios they could encounter are covered. • Analyse live user flows to be used as a base for your self-composed test plans. • Take an active part in influencing the design, UX & product requirements from a QA perspective. • Keep engagement up with a high-speed development process and ongoing deliveries — executing and adjusting your test plans accordingly. • Join Wix’s QA guild, take part in cross-company activities and use the guild to grow your testing professionalism and skills.
Experience : — in manual testing of web/desktop/mobile applications (3+ years); — in using main test design techniques; — in creation different kinds of test documentation; — in usage of Defect tracking systems (preferably Jira).Knowledge of English on Intermediate or higher level (spoken and written).Personal skills: — good communication (written & verbal); — high level of attention to details; — excellent analytical skills; — ability to learn fast and a high degree of creativity and initiative.— understanding basics of cryptography; — testing automation experience.— competitive salary based on the results of interview; — paid vacation and sick-leaves; — medicines compensation; — 50% compensation of professional events and conferences price; — english lessons; — comfortable workplace and rest area; — regular outdoor activities and team building events.— requirements analysis and elaboration; — functional testing, bugs reporting; — creation of test documentation; — environment configuration, test data creation.
Overview: Alteryx Inc., headquartered in Irvine, California, USA, offers a quick-to-implement, end-to-end analytics platform that empowers business analysts and data scientists alike to break data barriers and deliver game-changing insights that are solving big business problems. The Alteryx platform is self-serve, click, drag-and-drop for hundreds of thousands of people in leading enterprises all over the world. Visit www.alteryx.com.Team: • currently 24 people in Kiev (20 developers + 4 QA experts) — a combination of experienced senior experts and smart young tech-geeks • managed by people in Prague (Czech Republic), who are responsible to company’s Tech HQ in Colorado • testing work will be led by our experienced QA expert who is now extending the scope of work to analysis and tech writing • the company has several hundreds of employees in the USA, mainly in Colorado • Tested platforms / technologies: o web-based apps in Java / javascript (React / Redux / NodeJS), C++ data-processing toolsRequired skills: • Three years of experience in testing of web applications • Solid understanding of various Data Types/DataBases features. • English — Upper intermediate and higher! (It’s important for this position) • Solid knowledge of HTML, CSS, Javascript and SQL • Solid knowledge of testing types/methodologies • Solid knowledge of test case creation/execution • Knowledge of automation testing (preferably in JS/Python) will be a plus.Personal requirements: • Capable of long (and often) tedious manual testing of the Desktop (In future Web as well) application • Willing to learn new things • Communicative, willing to work in a team (located in several countries) • Willing to travel abroad (if needed)Other requirements: • Clear criminal record • CV provided in English • Willingness to participate in practical assessment (a couple of hours testing a web application and reporting defects) • Frequent communication with US — willingness to participate on occasional meetings at late hours (due to time difference)
Знание HTML, CSS, MySQL. Знание, понимание базовых принципов построения ПО, архитектуры ПО. Основы QA: понимание что такое Тест-план, Тест-кейс, баг-репорт. Знание видов тестирования, уровней тестирования, техник тест-дизайна. Знание английского языка на уровне умения читать документацию с Google Translate. Умение вникнуть в сложную систему и описать её простым языком. Опыт работы в команде.Зарплату по итогам собеседования. Возможность заниматься улучшением нашего продукта. Удобный график для жаворонков, сов и неопределившихся: с 8 (12) до 17 (21). Официальное оформление и отпуск в размере 24 календарных дней. Закрытый форум, свою Википедию и собственную библиотеку. Корпоративные мероприятия и развлечения.Общение с командой разработчиков. Планирование работ по тестированию, создание тест-планов, тест-кейсов, проектирование и выполнение тестов, составление баг-репортов. Анализ и оптимизация бизнес-процессов.
• 3+ years of experience in software testing; • Experience in functional testing; • Good analytical skills and attention to details; • Understanding of black-box testing techniques; • Experience in web and mobile applications testing; • Upper intermediate English (written and spoken); • Working experience in Agile development teams; • Strong knowledge of testing process.• Experience in automation testing (Selenium WebDriver); • Knowledge of Software Developments Life Cycle; • Self-motivated, capable of working both independently and as part of a team; • Diploma or Degree in Computer Science or related.• Manual black-box functional testing, regression testing, acceptance testing; • Test planning; • Creation of a test documentation (test cases, checklists, test plan); • Test analysis, reporting issues.
Required Skills and Knowledge:• 3+ years of experience with manual and automation (Java) testing • Excellent SQL knowledge. Ability to write complex SQL queries. Compare result sets. • Good knowledge in API testing. Automated API testing • English — Upper-Intermediate • Quick learning capability of environment and new tools • Enthusiastic to learn new tools and technologies • Think creative, smart and come up with new ideas to improvise the testing process • Adapt to changing environment and system requirements • Ability to focus on multiple tasks simultaneously • Knowledge of distributed systems architecture • Capable of manual testing and has an eye to catch defects from cosmetic to complex nature • Develop automation scripts • Develop scripts to test API sanity • Experience working in Agile environment • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Support in test execution planning and reportingTool knowledge requirement: • Jira • Test Management tools • SQL● Full-time position ● Work in friendly and professional team ● Comfortable office located in the center of Kharkiv (Pushkinskaya metro station) ● Paid sick-list ● 3 weeks of paid vacation ● Paid benefits for self-development ● Corporate library ● English classes ● Corporate club (for some relax during workday) ● Corporate events (birthdays, holidays, etc.) ● Tea, coffee, milk, juice, fruits, snacks and cookies =)QA Test Engineer will be responsible for the several activities of software testing — analyzing requirements, writing test cases, execution of test cases, development of automation scripts for API level, analyzing and comparing data in multiple databases. The person should be capable of keeping up with aggressive timelines and close follow up on the issues and attention to the details.
Cogniance is a global design and technology company with 500+ innovators, creators and change-builders, working hand-in-hand with both startups and corporate innovators to transform their businesses, put their customers’ needs at the center and win in their chosen markets. Building impactful futures for real people is our mantra and our craft is design-led technology solutions. We are a human-to-human company with a Silicon Valley mindset, the relentless drive of a startup and the experience of a global organization. We truly believe that any idea good enough to create a positive change in the way people live, work, think or play, deserves success.The project is all about embedded software development in a Satellite space where the successful candidate with apply their testing knowledge in both software and hardware. You will collaborate with our customer technical team in day-to-day operations; the team is distributed through numerous locations globally, giving the successful client the opportunity to gain international experience. You will also be involved in architecture design and testing infrastructure development, with a unique opportunity to continuously learn and try new things. At Cogniance, everyone is highly valued and given an opportunity to grow in every possible way.You care about product and quality. You can assess and understand project complexity and know when and how to make tradeoffs when it comes to dates and deadlines. You are a do’er and an influencer, persuading others by example. Qualifications and experience: — Good knowledge of testing principles, preferably in Embedded space — Being able to organize testing plan for automation testing — Good knowledge of Python — The ability to create high-level test cases against requirements — Strong communication skills, both verbal and written Nice-to-haves: — CI (Jenkins) — Unit testing (C++) — GUI testing (Selenium) — Test reporting— Work on product quality assurance and testing processes — Analyze business requirements to define test scenarios and test cases — Build and support automation tools for stable and efficient automation execution — Integrate tests into the build pipelines with a focus on continuous delivery — Work as a part of SCRUM teamCogniance offers a competitive and rewarding salary and benefits package, as well as an intellectually and creatively stimulating work environment, flexibility, and unique international travel opportunities.
— 1+ years of experience in functional & integration testing — 1+ years of experience in cross-browser testing on iOS/macOS/Win platforms — Knowledge of JIRA — English (at least Intermediate)— Experience with software test automation would be a great plus! — Strong desire to be a part of a professional team.— Flexible working hours; — Competitive salary; — Official employment; — Work in a modern office located in the city centre; — All modern equipment and high-performance workstations; — Possibility of professional development; — Possibility to attend conferences; — Paid vacation and sick-list; — Friendly team; — Special loyalty program for employees; — Team-building events; — English courses in the office; — Tea, coffee, biscuits, of course .— Manual testing including functional and user-acceptance tests
Requirements: Experience and strong skills in manual testing is a must (2+) Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test documentation Familiar with DB & SQL procedures. R&D Background in QA Processes Good understanding of client-server architecture Familiar with Internet Technologies Experienced in Client- server in deep testing Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process English (read and write)We offer: Friendly and highly professional team Democratic management Professional growth and trainings Career planning and regular performance reviews Competitive salary Medical issuance Paid sick days Long-term employment with 24 days paid vacation Sport compensation English lessons Comfortable and modern office Large variety of company and team events. Work on interesting projects using cutting-edge technologies.
• практический опыт тестирования веб-приложений и желательно написания автотестов; • знания стека Web технологий: PHP, JavaScript, MySQL; • опыт использования: — программ для автоматического тестирования: Selenium или PhantomJS или Electron; — фреймворков: Mocha или Jasmine или Protractor; • знание Linux на уровне нужном для организации тестовой площадки. • ориентация на результат, внимательность, организованность, умение работать в команде.• работу в динамично развивающейся компании и перспективных сегментах; • молодой, дружный и сильный коллектив единомышленников; • высокую заработную плату (привязка к USD); • удобное месторасположение комфортного офиса класса «А»; • корпоративную мобильную связь; • питание, включая полноценный обед (чай, кофе, сладости, фрукты, а также прочие плюшки и вкусности за счёт компании:) • график работы — 5/2, 09.00–18.00 или с 10.00–19.00; • посещение тематических мероприятий, обучение и тренинги за счет компании.• внедрение системы тестирования; • проведения разных видов тестирования; • баг-репортинг; • работа в команде по Agile (Kanban) методологии.
— 2+ лет опыта тестирования веб проектов — Понимание прицнипов работы Web — Понимание основных принципов тестирования, умение построить процесс — Умение создавать детальные чек листы— большим плюсом будет опыт работы с логистикой и eCommerce и понимание их бизнес процессов— продуктовая компания — хорошее покрытие кода тестами, есть настроенная CI — сильная команда — минимум бюрократии — всем сотрудникам выделяются опционы — есть стол для работы стоя — 5 сортов кофе, шоколад, печенье — всегда есть! — компенсация до $100/месяц на расходы типа курсы/фитнес/конференции и т.п. — уютный офис в на подоле, в 300 метрах от метро (ул. Сковороды).
Are you technical person? Do you have analytical mindset? Are you smart? If your answer is YES then you have a chance to join our friendly Automation Team.We have opened a vacancy for Automated Tester. Requirements for this position are below:* Be sure that you have clear understanding what testing is. Better if you did some manual testing.* Be sure that you have some experience in programming (maybe you wrote some scripts or you did some programming during university course or you wrote anything using any programming language.). If you do not know what is OOP and you do not know how to write loops, do not waste your and our time.* If you have any experience with automated testing frameworks it would be really a benefit.* Understanding of how WWW is working* English (at least pre-intermediate)We propose:1) We will help you to become and expert in Automation Testing for Web and Mobile2) You will join friendly team of Automation Experts3) You will work on really interesting projects, not like monkey activities.* Better but not mandatory is if you have Linux experience.We have 10 years of Web and Mobile Test Automation Experience. So you will be in good hands ;-)
(please don’t spend your and our time if you don’t have the skills below!): * Testing commercial enterprise level applications: 2+ years. * Testing web-based applications and web-services. * ORACLE and/or MS SQL Server relational databases. * Test automation basics. * Using source control systems (SVN, GIT, Perforce, etc.) * English — Intermediate Level* Knowledge of one of the following test automation tools: Ranorex, Selenium, and TestComplete. * Experience programming in C#.* Comfortable working with highly qualified colleagues. * Work on interesting and challenging tasks and projects. * Opportunity to work in a company that has a strong market position. * Contribute to the development of highly competitive products using state-of-the-art technologies and methodologies. * Modern office working environment (located in the centre of Kiev) including sports facilities. * Flexible working hours. * Medical insurance. Please send your CV in English. We guarantee privacy of all the correspondence.* Install and test Serena Enterprise products. * Create and execute test plans and scripts. * Test compliance of application specifications. * Create automation test scripts.
1+ years experience as QA Engineer Experience with bug tracking system (JIRA) Knowledge of software development process, testing lifecycle understanding Experience creating and supporting testing documentation (test case, bug report, test plan) Strong knowledge of software testing theory Understanding of Scrum framework Working with CI (Jenkins, Gitlab), Git Advanced user experience with MacOS, Windows (Terminal, Command Line) Experience with Photoshop, Lightroom, RPP Knowledge of the fundamentals of the photographic process Extremely detail oriented, investigator and troubleshooter Good communication skills, team working At least intermediate level of written EnglishPassion for photography Automation testing skills Experience with databases Experience working with VMWare or similar toolsOur own products, not outsourcing 40-hour working week with flexible working hours Annual paid vacations (20 working days) Medical insurance Convenient office location Corporate / team / special events Warm and friendly working environment Professional development and career growthManual testing of desktop applications Perform regression testing Testing of new features for upcoming releases Verification of bug fixes QA documentation development and support Communicating with QA, Development, Support teams
— 1+ years experience as QA Engineer — Experience with bug tracking system (Asana) — Knowledge of software development process, testing lifecycle understanding — Experience creating and supporting testing documentation (test case, bug report, test plan) — Strong knowledge of software testing theory — Extremely detail oriented, investigator and troubleshooter — Good communication skills, team working — At least intermediate level of written English— Automation testing skills — Experience with databasesWe are looking for an ambitious person, who aims at long-term results and enjoys overcoming challenges. — Our own products, not outsourcing — Annual paid vacations (24 days) — Warm and friendly working environment — Professional and career growth — Competitive salary and bonuses — Corporate library — Great family style office with ability to work in the open air (Obolon district)— Manual testing — Perform regression testing — Testing of new features for upcoming releases — Create quality verification process from scratch — Bug and defect handling, analyzing deviations between the defined and the actual functional behavior and reporting bugs. Root cause analysis. — Ensuring requirements are met — Verification of bug fixes — QA documentation development and support — Communicating with Product, Development, Support teams — Participate in team activities and product feature design
We are looking for passionate, innovative, results-oriented professional with heart-deep commitment to success to be a part of our Technology Delivery Studio.Areas of Responsibility Manual testing of applications Creating testing documentation: test cases, test plan, testing reports, release note Analyzing and clarification of requirementsQualifications 3+ years of experience in quality assurance Experience in testing web applications would be an advantage Knowledge of standard software testing technologies, procedures and quality assurance methodologies Experience documenting test execution results, preparation of test reports, gathering test metrics for reporting Knowledge of SQL Expertise in general principles of software development process is an asset
