We need Sr. C# Unity developer in Ring Research for creating tons of realistic data. Final goal is to create synthetic datasets like SYNTHIA to improve existing and enable new machine learning algorithms. You’ll work closely with our existing level designer and should speed up new data creation process.This is a great job for you if you are passionate about AI, want to try something new and work on challenging problems.— Automate process of the synthetic data and markup generation — Scale developed system on a bunch of remote servers — Setup systems for data storing and sharing — Speed Up new data creation— Excellent knowledge of Unity, mainly experience with scripting. Understanding of textures, animation, GUI styles, and shaders. — Experience with physics, particle systems, camera effects and postprocessing. — Familiarity with current design and architectural patterns — Experience of optimizing project and implementing system of automatization. — Proficient knowledge of versioning tools such as Git, SVN, etc. — English communication skills (speak, read, write)— Working for one of the top product companies in the world: Ring.com — Opportunity to influence the products quality — Challenging tasks — Competitive salary — Relocation bonus — PE accounting and support — 18 paid vacation days per year — Fully equipped A-class office space in the business center (near “Olimpiyska” subway station) — Social package, including gym membership compensation, medical insurance — Free meals, fruits, and sweets — Educational possibilities, knowledge hub, and free English classes — Career plan, professional growth, and quarterly performance reviews
• Preparation and optimization of graphics (drawcalls , overdraw ...etc.); • Creation and adjustment of technical animations (pop ups etc.); • Effects (Particle System); • Writing shaders in ShaderLab/ HLSL language; • Writing in C #; • Intermediate English.• professional and personal development; • comfortable working environment; • 20 working days paid vacation; • paid sick leaves; • medical insurance for employees, for children of employees; • language classes; • subscription for pool and gym; • quarterly and yearly performance-based bonuses; • personal plane of growth (system of grades);
— опыт коммерческой разработки в Unity от 3-х лет (С#); — наличие как минимум одного выпущенного проекта (не мобильная казуалка с донатом); — умение писать качественный, ясный код, а также составлять грамотную документацию к нему; — опыт командной разработки и умение четко излагать свои мысли; — знание университетского курса линейной алгебры; — понимание специфики работы с 2D и 3D графикой; — знакомство хотя бы с двумя из нижеперечисленных игр и желание сообразить не хуже хотя бы в плане боевки\геймплея: Hyper Light Drifter, Dead Cells, Transistor, Hob, Dark Souls, Enter The Gungeon, Hollow Knight.— умение писать шейдеры; — разработка user-friendly расширений редактора Unity; — чувство стиля и эстетики; — опыт инди-разработки; — знакомство хотя бы с двумя из нижеперечисленных игр и желание сообразить не хуже хотя бы в плане боевки\геймплея: Hyper Light Drifter, Dead Cells, Transistor, Hob, Dark Souls, Enter The Gungeon, Hollow Knight.— работа над сложным, интересным и перспективным проектом; — достойная оплата труда; — комфортный офис в центре Киева, печеньки, шизоидный юмор; — возможность познать все прелести и тяготы жизни инди-разработчика.Ищем программиста уровня Senior в киевскую инди-студию.Проект: Undungeon — action\roguelike\RPG с упором на исследование мира и высокую реиграбельность. За плечами успешный кикстартер, есть издатель, готовится демка.Необходим специалист, способный взять на себя систематическое развитие программной части проекта и доработку имеющихся компонентов. Частично придется писать свои решения с нуля, частично — адаптировать уже готовые. Предстоит работать в паре с еще одним программистом, знакомым с проектом. Ищем уверенного в своих скиллах специалиста, способного вывести игру на качественно новый уровень. Только Киев, только офис, только фуллтайм.
On behalf of Unity3d (unity3d.com), Ciklum is looking for Software Development Engineer to join the Odessa team on a full-time basis.Unity is a flexible 3D development application that combines usability and raw engineering power. As a company, it is focused on evolving this technology, constantly driving it forwards and upwards. Unity aggressively reinvest in development to keep moving and growing at a radical pace, expanding usability, power, and platform reach.Unity Technologies offers a highly technical and product driven work environment, where exceptional people from all over the world are entrusted to find smart solutions for difficult problems. We are light on process and super dedicated to quality. We prefer enthusiasm and personal initiative over management and control.Responsibilities: • Collaborate with other testers and developers in an agile environment • Gain new knowledge and hone your skills at software engineering • Develop and support QA Infrastructure solutions (tools, web sites, etc.)Requirements: • 5+ year of experience in IT • Proficient with at least one of the following: C/C++, C#, or Python • Hands-on experience with Linux/Windows VM installation and configuration • TDD, OOD, OOP • Strong initiative and ability to work independently, with minimal supervision • Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Good English is a mustNice to have or desire to work with: • Google Cloud Platform • Docker, Kubernetes • OpenstackPersonal skills: • Strong team player rather than individual developer • Passionate about software development • Eager to learn new things constantly • Ready to work in ‘continuous improvement’ mode • Must be able to garner respect from his/her teamWhat’s in it for you? • Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities • Competitive salary • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions • Friendly team • People oriented leadership • Be a part of one of the fastest growing company and work with cutting edge of technology -? rephrase • Interesting challenging tasks • Frequent business trips abroad • Hack weeks and offsites! (blogs.unity3d.com/...​torm-unity-hack-week-xii)About Ciklum Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the US IoT World Hackathon, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!
— Strong C# programming skills; — Unity 3D experience; — Technical knowledge of game development practices and techniques; — Collaboration in code review process;— Experience in developing multiplatform (iOS, Android, Mac OS, Win) games on Unity 3D engine; — Good spoken English;— Competitive salary; — Interesting projects, opportunity for professional development; — Flexible working schedule; — Friendly team and atmosphere.
On behalf of Unity3d Ciklum is looking for DevOps Engineer to join Odessa team on full-time basis. Client information: Unity is a flexible 3D development application that combines usability and raw engineering power. As a company, it is focused on evolving this technology, constantly driving it forwards and upwards. Unity aggressively reinvest in development to keep moving and growing at a radical pace, expanding usability, power, and platform reach. Unity Technologies offers a highly technical and product driven work environment, where exceptional people from all over the world are entrusted to find smart solutions for difficult problems. We are light on process and super dedicated to quality. We prefer enthusiasm and personal initiative over management and control.Responsibilities: • Collaborate with other testers and developers in an agile environment; • Gain new knowledge and hone your skills at software engineering.Requirements:Personal skills: • Strong team player rather than individual developer; • Passionate about software development; • Eager to learn new things constantly; • Ready to work in ‘continuous improvement’ mode; • Must be able to garner respect from his/her team.What’s in it for you? • Variety of knowledge sharing, training and self-development opportunities; • Competitive salary; • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions; • Friendly team; • People oriented leadership; • Be a part of one of the fastest growing start ups and the cutting edge of technology — rephrase; • Interesting challenging tasks; • Frequent business trips abroad; • Hack weeks! and offsites! (the next hack week in Denmark is on 24th of June so don’t hesitate to join us :) blogs.unity3d.com/...​torm-unity-hack-week-xii.About Ciklum: Ciklum is a top-five global Software Engineering and Solutions Company. Our 3,000+ IT professionals are located in the offices and delivery centres in Ukraine, Belarus, Poland and Spain. As Ciklum’s employee, you’ll have the unique possibility to communicate directly with the client when working in Extended Teams. Besides, Ciklum is the place to make your tech ideas tangible. The Vital Signs Monitor for the Children’s Cardiac Center as well as Smart Defibrillator, the winner of the IoT World Hackathon in the USA, are among the cool things Ciklumers have developed. Ciklum is a technology partner for Google, Intel, Micron, and hundreds of world-known companies. We are looking forward to seeing you as a part of our team!Join Ciklum and “Cross the Borders” together with us! If you are interested — please send your CV to cv@ciklum.com
— Знание и практический опыт работы на C#; — Понимание OOP/COP (component-oriented programming); — Unity 3D — GameDev — Нацеленность на результат и ответственность; — Открытость и готовность к обучению;— Опыт разработки в Unity 3D; — Опыт разработки развивающих приложений для детей;— Конкурентную заработную плату (по результатам собеседования); — Дружный и творческий коллектив; — Гибкий график работы; — Стабильную долгосрочную занятость; — Для студентов возможность совмещать работу и учебу; — 20 рабочих дней оплачиваемого отпуска; — Бонусные поездки на профильные конференции; — Чай, кофе, фрукты, обеды; — Комфортный офис в 5 минутах от метро Научная.— Разработка обучающих проектов-сервисов с большим количеством постоянно обновляемого интерактивного контента.; — Развитие специализированного движка в проектах по обучению рисованию; — Ревью кода и техническое менторство junior разработчиков.
Наша компания в поисках, как Junior-developers так и людей с опытом работы в сфере разработки VR и AR проектов. Даже если ты не в полной мере обладаешь вышеуказанными знаниями, но считаешь себя способным, и нацелен на обучение, мы будем рады пообщаться с тобой!Опыт в программировании от 2 лет; Знание структуры и языков программирования C# в среде Unity 3D; Опыт профессиональной разработки C#; Опыт работы с интерфейсами; Отличное знание основополагающих принципов ООП; Технический английский язык на уровне чтения и письма.Игра в App Store или Google Play; Опыт разработки расширений редактора Unity; Опыт работы с iOS; Опыт работы с VR. Опыт работы с VuforiaВозможность для самореализации и профессионального роста Работайте в дружной профессиональной команде, или удаленно Удобное расположение (в нескольких минутах от станции метро) Конкурентоспособная заработная плата Дружная команда профессионалов Корпоративные мероприятия, командообразование
Business thinking and focus on a result Full understanding of the Unity API Strong knowledge of the C# programming language Strong knowledge of linear algebra and trigonometry Good communication and interpersonal skills — must be a team player Intermediate English or higherExperience with Unity VR projects for HTC Vive, Oculus Rift, Google Cardboard or other platforms Experience with AR Unity frameworks such as Vuforia, Metaio Familiarity with mobile and/or social networking technologies Strong understanding of usability and user experience Design pattern knowledge Ability to create Unity tools Experience in mobile application performance optimization Knowledge of C++/Objective-C/ JavaFlexible working hours An exciting and challenging job in an emerging field of VR/AR Friendly team of expertsDesign and develop VR and AR applications using Unity 3D Design and implement software architecture Design and develop software prototypes Provide consultancy to 3D artists and client on the art resources being optimal for development Estimate projects and assist in requirements analysis and documentation
Business thinking and focus on a result Excellent knowledge of Autodesk Maya or other 3D-programs (3ds Max) 3D modelling (low- and high-poly) Animation UV creation Rig creation Photoshop skills Good communication and interpersonal skills — must be a team player Intermediate English or higherExperience with VR projects for HTC Vive, Oculus Rift, Google Cardboard or other platforms Experience with Unity 3D Hand drawing skillsCompetitive hourly rate Flexible working hours An exciting and challenging job in an emerging field of VR/AR A friendly team of expertsCreate 3D models of characters and environment Work with UV Rig and animate Estimate projects and assist in requirements analysis and documentation
— 2,5+ years of commercial experience with Unity — Participation in the issued projects — Experience in designing application systems — Knowledge of the basic design patterns — Knowledge of 2D functional of the Unity3D, including uGUI — English speaking.— Experience in the mobile slot project — Experience with animations, including spine animation — Experience in optimizing 2D graphics — Experience with ShaderLab — Desire to understand and introduce new frameworks.— Annual bonuses for tasks accomplishment — Full equipped office in 15 min from Politekhnichnyi Instytut station — Coffee, tea, fruits everyday — Fan zones, happy hours, corporate parties — Flexible and transparent work conditions.— Participation in the development and support of architectural solutions that allow you to create games in the genre of slots quickly and efficiently — Participation in architecture and development coss-project framework — Development of f2p features, even those that have not been encountered in slots yet — Covering features with autotests (PlayTests, EditorTests, etc.).
2+ years of programming experience (С#/С++) Practical experience with Unity3D Experience with 3D graphics Good understanding of OOP/OODExperience in game development (2D/3D) Experience in development for mobile platform (iOS/Android) Design programming pattern Knowledge of C/C++ Basic knowledge of OpenGL / DirectX Desire to create cool gamesGrowth and development Interesting projects Work in a comfortable office in the city center Friendly team Competitive salary according to interview results Paid vacation Competitive salaries regularly reviewed based on professional growth Free coffee, tea and biscuits
Skills: — 2+ years experience in developing games on Unity 3D engine; — strong knowledge of C# and OOP programming skills; — technical knowledge of game development with 3D and 2D graphics; — experience with game physics in Unity; — experience in optimizing games on Unity; — knowledge of Unity plugins (purchases, ads, social, stats).Pluses: — knowledge of Objective-C; — experience with version control systems (svn, git); — experience with ready server solutions of the type Parse, Leanplum.We offer: — decent pay with regular revision for promotion; — paid leave and sick leave; — work on interesting projects and career opportunities; — a modern office in loft style in the heart of Kharkov; — friendly team and atmosphere; — regular teambuilding and corporate parties; — many interesting bonuses and no office bureaucracy.Tasks: — develop games on Unity 3D for mobile platforms iOS, Android.
GamePoint is looking for Unity3D Developer on full-time basis.About the Role: As a Unity3D / C# developer, you will be coding for 250.000 unique players per day who use our gaming platform. Other than coding for the players, you are also responsible for smooth sailing behind the curtains; everything should be working as well as possible. Do you have the nerves to put a piece of code live that will be used over 40 million times a day? Unity3D Wizard with good C# knowledge? Are you flexible, a team player and are you also able to work independent? Then we are looking for you!The Unity3D developer has four major tasks: ● Front-end development of tablet and mobile games ● Develop synchronous and asynchronous tablet and mobile multiplayer games ● Porting to multiple mobile operating systems and WebGL ● Implementation of client-side code based on GamePoints frameworkYou have the following qualifications: ● Extensive understanding and advanced knowledge of C# ● Experience in Unity3D ● Experience in rich UI frameworks like WPF ● Experience in cross mobile platform development ● Knowledge and experience integrating with a variety of external APIs ● Experience with memory management and optimization ● Skills in object-oriented programming ● Being able to look outside the box and solve problems ● Writing well commented and easy to understand code ● Big sense of responsibility, commitment and flexibility ● Knowledge of the English language ● Ideally, in game development projectsTo keep the balance, GamePoint offers: ● Fun, passionate and creative game studio with a casual, friendly atmosphere ● International environment which offers daily contact with other countries & cultures ● Office in city center (Pecherska), kitchen with cookies, coffee, fruits ● Competitive salary + annual bonus ● Training opportunities — you will have your ownd budget for conferences and cources ● An epic annual company trip to GamePoint Summit every September ● English cources ● Paid vacation (20) and sick leaves (10) ● Medical insurance ● Playstation in office, Counter Strike team, Ping Pong addicted colleaguesAbout GamePoint: GamePoint is one of the world’s leading social and mobile game developers. GamePoint aims to entertain a worldwide audience with its real time multiplayer social games (slots and casino). By providing social features in our games and extensive community support, GamePoint builds on long term relationships with their users. We highly appreciate our employees. If you have new ideas or want to try out new technologies in our company; please do! If your job makes you happy, you make us happy!Ready for a new challenge? Are you the one we’re looking for? Then send your CV and motivation letter to Sofia Mokina e-mail: smokina@gamepoint.com, Skype: sofia.mokina
• Опыт в программировании от 2 лет; • Знание структуры и языков программирования C# в среде Unity 3D; • Опыт профессиональной разработки C#; • Опыт работы с интерфейсами; • Отличное знание основополагающих принципов ООП; • Технический английский язык на уровне чтения и письма.• Игра в App Store или Google Play; • Опыт разработки расширений редактора Unity; • Опыт работы с iOS.• Оплату налогов; • Отпуск 18 рабочих дня; • Оплачиваемый больничный (10 рабочих дней); • Корпоративные курсы английского; • Возможность ротации между офисами (Киев, Харьков, Одесса).
— Опыт программирования на С# от 3-х лет — Опыт разработки на Unity3D/других 3D движках — Знание английского языка на уровне чтения технической документации — Организованность, ответственность, доброжелательность, умение работать в команде — Желание и способность постоянно учиться новому— Выпущенные проекты — Техническое образование — Геймер— Офис в 2х минутах от м. Почайна (Петровка) — Комфортные и хорошо оборудованные рабочие места — Курсы, тренинги — Официальное сотрудничество — Теплый и дружный коллектив — Видео о компании: artificialcore.com/about— Написание логики — Улучшение текущего функционала — Разработка утилит для проекта — Исправление ошибок
Привет, VFX Artist!Меня зовут Настя. И я — HR-менеджер компании Live Animations.Live Animations — это международная ИТ-компания, которая занимается разработкой инновационных продуктов с дополненной реальностью (AR) для детей.Наш кандидат не боится трудностей и препятствий в работе! Ты идеально нам подходишь, если: — любишь создавать супер-классные визуальные эффекты в Unity; — не боишься решать сложные и нетривиальные задачи; — ты хочешь создавать WOW-продукты, которые восхищают!В нашей компании тебя ждут многозадачные проекты, и конечно же интересные таски. И это именно та работа, которой ты будешь гордиться. Ведь каждый день мы создаем волшебство))Требования к нашему идеальному кандидату: • Базовые знания программирования на С# (Junior) • Умение использовать систему контроля версии GIT • Умение быстро изучать и понимать новый материал • Базовые знания Photoshop • Знание основ 3d графики (fps, полигоны, настройка текстур и материалов и т.п.); • Английский на уровне чтения тех. документации и понимания видео туториалов;Твоими преимуществами будет: • опыт в создании 3d моделей и анимации. • опыт создания визуальных эффектов средствами Unity; • умение работать с Unity profiler; • опыт написания шейдеров;Что ты будешь делать в нашей компании? • создавать крутые визуальные эффекты в движке Unity 3D используя шейдера и систему партиклов; • настраивать освещение сцен и локаций; • импортировать и оптимизировать 3D анимации и текстуры в проекты.Если ты станешь частью нашей команды, могу смело пообещать тебе: ● ты не будешь тратить много времени на дорогу, потому что мы находится сразу возле м. Левобережная (БЦ «Левобережный») ● у тебя будет все необходимое, чтобы развивать свои навыки: комфортное рабочее место, уютный офис и лучший в своем деле VFX-наставник ● все твои результаты работы, будут достойно оцениваться ● супер крутой коллектив. Ты скажешь, что все так говорят. А ты приди и проверь!Если твои навыки соответствуют нашим требованиям, отправь своё портфолио прямо сейчас! И тогда, мы обязательно встретимся!PS: Будь готов к небольшому ТЗ.Искренне твоя, Настя HR-менеджер Live Animations
— +3 years experience in game programming — Excellent knowledge in Unity and C# — Good English oral and written communication skills — Great team player — Must be proactive, enthusiastic, flexible and capable of working autonomously— Knowledge/Experience in C++We realise that it’s our people who have built our reputation and that we will only maintain our leading position in the videogame world by continuing to attract and retain talented and motivated people. If you choose to work with us, you will find that we offer: a welcoming and inclusive team, extensive development opportunities, the chance to get involved in the wide gameplay community and quality working conditions.These are some of the characteristics you can find in Starloop:— Horizontal organization — Pleasant and agreeable working climate — Stability — Flexible schedule — TrainingAs a Game Programmer you will be part of the development team, working closely with designers, producers, artists and game programmers.
З ким ми хочемо працювати: Ми приймаємо на роботу особистість, а не працівника і звикли отримувати листи (CV), написані спеціально для нас. Ми цінуємо в своїх співробітниках постійність і відповідальність. Тож для нас має величезне значення: • твій досвід розробки мобільних проектів (iOS, Android) на Unity (від двох років); • впевнені знання C# та загальна культура программування; • розуміння і практичне застосування принципів ООП, математичні навички; • досвід роботи з Xcode, AndroidStudio; • вміння використовувати TextMesh Pro, DOTween, TexturePacker; • досвід роботи з системами контролю версій (Git); • навички саморозвитку та роботи у команді; • вміння слухати і враховувати різні точки зору, сприймати критику; • знання англійської на рівні «читаю статті, книжки та Stack Overflow»; • чималий ігровий досвід та цікавість до ігрової галузі в цілому.Ми дбаємо про: • нетривіальні задачі та постійне вдосконалення workflow; • регулярний фідбек та перспективу професійного зростання; • затишне робоче місце — сучасний офіс з великою кількістю рослин і квітів; • яскраві корпоративні заходи, відсутність дрес-коду; • смачну каву та солодощі; • плідну співпрацю на постійній підставі, оплачувані дні відпочинку; • навчання та участь у професійних заходах; • своєчасну винагороду.Твої мінімальні завдання: • вміння робити свою роботу краще за інших; • написання нової ігрової логіки та постійне покращення існуючого функціоналу (підтримка, оптимізація); • надання фідбеку та безперервне вдосконалення flow розробки; • написання якісного коду, зрозумілого іншим та відповідного загальному код стайлу; • свідома та ефективна взаємодія з командою; • бути в гарному настрої навіть в понеділок та відвідувати вечірки компанії.
• Опыт коммерческой разработки для Unity3D • Практические знания C# • Опыт разработки под мобильные платформы • Понимание принципов OОП, S.O.L.I.D • Понимание принципов оптимизации мобильных игр • Опыт работы с Jira • Практический опыт работы с Git• Понимание особенностей работы iOS и Android устройств • Опыт разработки нативных плагинов для Unity3D • Понимание ECS в контексте Unity3D• Высокопрофессиональную команду вместе с которой можно расти и развиваться: все важные решения принимаются сообща, и ваше мнение всегда будет услышано • Достойное вознаграждение, чтобы Вы могли сосредоточиться сугубо на развитии проекта и профессиональном росте, медицинскую страховку, оплачиваемые обеды, снэки и много других приятных мелочей • Карьерные перспективы — у Вас будет возможность расти вместе с компанией не только вертикально, но и горизонтально • Оплачиваемое обучение: внешние тренинги и курсы, литература, доклады и семинары — мы нацелены на то, чтобы в компании Вы всегда развивались, не останавливаясь на достигнутом• Поддержка и сопровождение существующего приложения • Расширить функциональность существующего приложения • Принимать активное участие в проектирование игровой архитектуры
1 year of experience of Unity3D development Strong knowledge of C# programming language Desire to learn and improve know-how and skills Responsibility and self-organization Intermediate English (spoken and writing) Experience in iOS\Android application development would be a plusExciting chance to work in booming industry on interesting and challenging projects Great opportunity for professional and career growth Competitive salary and achievement based bonuses Full-time employment Flexible work schedule Paid vacation and sick leaves Modern office with a friendly and relaxed atmosphere Free English language lessonsPrototype and implement AR/VR features Participate in solution design Constantly improve professional skills and know-how
• Unity development (most up-to-date version, at least Unity 2017.3.1 p4) • C# expertise (OOD, functions, properties, inheritance, etc) • MVVM patterns (Model-View-Controller) • Lua (data format and being able to intelligently edit lua data files) • Experience in working in PlayFab environments a plus but not required • Ability to communicate effectively and work as part of a team • Good level of written and spoken English.• Experience in working on a mobile strategy game• Implement new game features and services, support existing game platform in close partnership with the content team of the project and with respect for the player’s comfort and game’s performance. • Oversee all technical porcesses,train content team working with game editor and similar tools. • Coach new Unity developers, help them to quickly learn the platform.
• Strong knowledge of the C# programming language • Solid understanding of object oriented programing • At least 2 years of experience with Unity (2D tools, UI and animations) • Unit Testing experience • Good spoken and written English is a MUST • Bonus points for native mobile development experience on Android / iOS• Unique working environment where you communicate and work directly with client • A challenging function, with a lot of responsibility in a unique dynamic environment • Work with the latest technologies. • Work with skilled and professional team mates. Collaborating together to create awesome games served to tens of millions of players. • State of the art, cool, centrally located offices with warm atmosphere which creates really good working conditions • Competitive salary• Working as part of a Kiev based agile cross functional team that also include QA engineers and Backend developers. • Delivering new game features every few weeks.
As a Game Designer in Shadow Masters, you will own a piece of our game development and strategy. You will balance both quantitative and qualitative insights to design and optimize smart, engaging features for our upcoming AAA game.Requirements: • 2+ years experience in the games industry working as a Game Designer or Level Designer for a shipped product; • Extensive knowledge of video games and gaming industry, specifically in the Tactics, RTS, MOBA genres, as well as works of art, such as movies, architecture or visual arts, to be used as reference for crafting and communicating original ideas; • Excellent understanding of game design fundamentals, game balance, statistics, in-game economy and player motivations; • Excellent understanding of level design fundamentals including level flow, engagement, structure, pacing, environmental storytelling, testing, etc.; • Understanding programming/scripting in game design and experience with game editors and game design tools; • Good knowledge of English language, both written and verbal;Pluses: • Shipped PC/console games; • Basic level of programming in chosen programming language or very good technical scripting skills; • Experience designing content and systems for Tactics, RTS or MOBA games; • Experience using Github or similar version control software; • Modding experience.We offer you: • An exciting chance to work in booming industry on interesting and challenging projects. • A modern office with friendly and relaxed atmosphere. • Great opportunity for self-improvement and professional growth. • A competitive salary and project based bonuses. • 24 days of paid vacation per year, paid sick leave. • English language lessons. • Company doctor.Responsibilities: • Develop ideas for gameplay and progression systems to create compelling gameplay loops at both a macro and micro level throughout the player life-cycle; • Create math models for game systems (economy, progression, loot, procedural weapon and gear generation, etc.) to ensure a well-balanced player experience; • Designing, prototyping, iterating and polishing in-game levels, including level layouts, scripting enemy encounters and other gameplay elements using proprietary tools in Unity editor; • Working closely with our gameplay programmers on prototyping, scripting, iterating and polishing game systems and features; • Balance and tweak AI behaviors and other gameplay parameters to engage the player at a moment-to-moment level; • Work closely with UX/UI to design wireframes and paper prototypes; • Create and maintain design documentation, both high level concept documents and low level user stories;
Досвід роботи в ігровій сфері мінімум 5 років. Високий рівень знань: C#, ООП, патернів проектування, алгоритмів та структур даних. Досвід реалізації проектів в Unity Animation. Наявність навиків по підтримці високої продуктивність на слабких пристроях (особливо при великій кількості анімацій). Вміння реалізувати повний цикл розробки та паблішингу мобільних ігор на iOS і Android. Вміння добре оцінювати об’єми роботи та дотримуватись дедлайнів. Відповідальність за якість своєї роботи, вміння працювати в команді та бажання вчитись і покращувати свої навички. Високий рівень самоорганізації та системність у своїй роботі. Досвід із оптимізації, та алгоритмічний підхід до розробки Досвід із налаштування рекламиДосвід роботи з match-3 іграми. Попередні напрацювання коду, що дозволить зменшити час на розробку нових ігор. Досвід з підключенням соціальних мереж (Fb та інші) в ігри: авторизація, leaderboards, інше. Football skills Любов до ігор, в тому числі match-3Комфортний офіс у Львові в сучасному бізнес-центрі Цікаві проекти, що дозволяють розвиватися Роботу в дружній та веселій команді любителів ігор. Довготривалу співпрацю з компанією, що активно розвивається та досягає своїх амбітних цілей. Безкоштовне навчання англійської. Щомісячні зовнішні доповідачі на цікаві для команди теми. Участь у профільних конференціях CharStudio приймає участь в ІТ-лізі з футболу. Відпустка 20 робочих днів, оплачувані лікарняні, безкоштовний курс масажу. Свіжі фрукти, солодощі з кафе Plates&Cups і одна з найкращих у Львові кава. Зимовий та літній корпоративи за межами міста. Постійні тім-білдінги, настільні ігри та X-Box.
How we see our ideal candidate: — have 3+ years of proven experience in mobile game development; — you use Unity — Unity editor workflows; — you are familiar with Unity physics system, particle systems and various essential Unity components; — as a mobile developer you have to understand principles of responsive designs, mobile performance considerations and concept of object pooling; — programming in C# is your strong side; — oop is not a dark box for you; — you can work as a part of the team as well as carry out tasks independently; — intermediate English is a must.It will be great if you have: — Good 3D math skills (linear algebra, vector math); — interest in Agile development methodology; — Collaboration with big team projects with help of tools like git.We are offering: — possibility to create projects from scratch; — work with a team of professionals; — ability to implement all your knowledge and new ideas; — health insurance; — office in the center of Kyiv (near Zoloti Vorota station); — competitive compensation and individually developed mentorship program.As a part of the team you will: — Build games, implement features such as player movement, game physics, graphics etc; — Work with design and art teams to bring ideas and features into the game; — Analyze game performance and resolve CPU/memory/battery usage issues; — Work with a CTO and product manager in order to deliver solid and games according to tight schedules; — Work with QA in order to deliver clean, bug free games.
Необходимые навыки — уверенное знание C# — уверенное знание .Net — ООП — умение работать в команде, наличие здорового перфекционизма — умение писать чистый/красивый код — уверенное владение английским языком (уровень Upper Intermediate/Advanced)Будет плюсом Objective-C, Java, SwiftПредлагаем — full-time и очень комфортную рабочую обстановку — конкурентную зарплату по результатам собеседования дружную команду — оплачиваемый отпуск и гибкие выходные дни — интересная, уникальная работа над собственными проектами, результатами которой можно гордиться — посещение тренингов, семинаров и конференций
